civilization has fundamentally changed
and C7 can be a complicated Beast so
here are a suite of tips to help you
master civilization 7's key categories
of change right from the word go
civilization 7 changes the formula by
first changing the very start of the
game as you select a leader of course
each with their own abilities probably
requiring a dedicated video to break
them all down it's important to also
note that you're playing against these
people and throughout the entire game
whoever you choose this is your leader
you're stuck with them you'll also rank
them up and get their own unlocks across
multiple games something important to
keep in mind as you unlock these
momentos for the most part they're
leader specific however you can assign
them to any leader as you go to play a
future game something to keep in the
back of your mind while you're also
selecting a civilization now these are
of course age specific you'll play as
three different cives throughout the
course of a normal game again the
abilities and everything here are just
so highly varied to break them all down
would simply take too long something
else that's important to note as you
just start your game is that worlds are
generally a little bit smaller they'll
grow through the game the default is
actually small and the map types are
also somewhat limited my recommendation
here would be to play at what you're
comfortable in quick speed generally
pretty good maybe lower the difficulty
for your first game these are all fairly
generic civilization tips though so
let's focus in now on what makes
civilization 7 specifically different
and how you can Master it so that you
can really put your best foot forward
founding your first City Works just like
any other Civ game but the yields the
location what you're thinking about not
just with this city but with all future
towns matters greatly and it's why for
the first time ever I believe that
Scouts are actually just a no-brainer
they were always very good I concede but
this time around they feel more
important than ever discoveries are
powerful and the world is very varied
navigable Rivers will play a key role in
future ages and resources like this salt
here are massive let's talk about the
cities and towns then let's delve in
this is what city growth looks like
every time you build up enough excess
food your city will grow expanding to a
new tile initially turning it into what
we call a rural tile maybe a farm here
on this flat grassland or a wood cutter
to its left a fishery out at Sea these
tiles these rural tiles will instantly
improve the resources that they have as
well as their natural yield the food
production Etc therefore you need food
to grow to get more rural tiles food of
course is King here alongside production
which will impact the amount of time it
takes to build buildings these ones like
The Granary and the S pit are ageless
that means that they'll carry carry
their benefits Through the Ages it also
means we won't be able to replace them
for most buildings can be overbuilt in
Civilization 7 except for ageless ones
and that makes them fairly permanent so
as you're building and expanding
consider that as well as natural
resources natural features like rivers
and mountains too Coastline finally
really these are the key tiles that you
want to be building toward and around
alongside any natural one you may find
too those groupings are massive and
you'll see that as you start to expand
as you start to choose where to place a
building and this is where the urban
side not the rural but the urban tiles
gain another layer of complexity and
interest here as I'm expanding my city I
could build this Urban tile this
building over top of this wood cutter it
would replace the wood cutter and then
allow me to expand out somewhere else or
or I could choose to just convert a
blank tile within my city borders into
an urban one now working that tile and
creating a building on top of it it's
not just that tile but just as it was in
Civilization 6 also what we build next
to it and that's where those mountains
resources rivers and coastlines are
important too the tiles of course feed
adjacency bonuses that you can see just
like you can hear as I'm hovering over a
tile choosing where to place the
building any building that's not ageless
can at least eventually be replaced so
it's slightly more forgiving perhaps
than previous games this time around we
can also usually place two buildings on
one tile and this forms what
civilization calls a quarter adding to
that you can also build unique quarters
a lot of civilizations will have two
buildings like the Roman Basilica and
Temple of Jupiter if you build both of
these I would note also ageless
buildings so they're not going anywhere
and neither are their adjacency bonuses
on the same tile build them both on the
same tile to create that unique quarter
don't build them on separate tiles it'll
be very frustrating As you move forward
uh the library and other buildings
though don't worry so much about those
try and get the best adjacency you can
in line with their bonuses they will
eventually be replaced as you move
through the tech tree of course the tech
tree will also unlock innate bonuses
just for the tiles production on camps
and wood cutters through animal
husbandry pottery and sailing also
offering right from the word go those
early boosts to your tiles so it's about
the buildings you place and the
technologies that you unlock this is how
you'll get the most out of your land uh
one final note here of course there's
also a Civics tree this is the cultural
technology tree right build up your
culture unlock these the unique Civics
in my view tend to be very good
unlocking your unique buildings quite
often as well as wonders and extra
benefits finally here you will have
noticed the Mastery options just a quick
note on these they don't tend to have
extra buildings except for one off
wonders but they do provide some great
benefits so don't sleep on these Mastery
options as you're trying to build and
construct your wonderful new cities and
towns because of course any new
settlement that you build in
Civilization 7 except for the very first
one won't actually start as a city but
rather a town the collective word that
we use for cities and towns is
settlements the towns specifically
though also have a focus in my view it's
generally best to keep the town growing
and then specialize once you have a few
improvements down you know what you want
to get out of it for these
specializations often limit growth or
change the way that the town's yields
are calculated so take note of that
before you go rushing in and upgrading
specializing every single Town one other
thing that I like to do before I upgrade
before I perhaps convert it to a city
the option given of course to exchange
gold to turn Town into a city is also
just generally expanding it out as you
build buildings with gold they appear
instantly and your borders expand
the way that you build affects the way
that your city will grow you won't be
working all of the tiles within it
necessarily you're going to need more
population to get more rural
improvements but you will be able to
land grab and the AI in this game is
pretty hungry pretty aggressive for land
which brings us through to combat and
diplomacy the commander units like my
unique Roman one here are of course the
big change we've talked about this many
times in the buildup to the release of
this game hoovering up nearby units
marching them across the map and earning
promotions the full depth and detail of
all of these again could take its own
hourong video but for what it's worth
the first assault promotion and really
any promotion that allows your commander
to move more readily and crucially to
deploy the units and then attack with
them are fundamental otherwise these
things feel just a little bit slow to
use and doesn't matter if they're at Sea
in the sky or on land the three domains
where your commanders will rule Ru
combat the other part of the puzzle here
is your actual relationships with these
emojis up in the top right hand side of
your screen they will fight you and in
my experience they're very happy to go
at you doesn't really matter too much
even what the difficulty level is hover
over them and you'll be able to see
exactly why if your relationship is not
friendly you can expect them to take
action against you to spy on you to
sabotage you or to fight you so maybe
you might want to use some of your new
influence yield a new resource to
civilization 7 to try and appease them
to try and win them over treaties and
Endeavors except for a denouncement will
always do this always even if you don't
fully need the yield that it might be
giving likewise the opposite is true of
course denouncing them stealing from
them and being caught this will really
ruffle their feathers however you need
to save influence for it's not just in
carrying out treaties and Endeavors in
the relatively limited fashion that you
can carry out those you may also want to
woo nearby independent people eventually
taking over their settlements for your
own and when war is declared really you
must support yourself you want to get
the war support and the positive the net
positive for you this will reduce your
opponent's happiness so how happy their
cities are as well as their combat
strength their ability to fight back and
defend speak of defend fortifications
have changed quite a bit in Civilization
7 as well you can build walls around any
tile that's connected to the city center
and already has walls so they need to
stretch out from the center these tiles
become fortified meaning that when you
engage in combat with an enemy when
you're at War the enemy will need to
destroy these fortifications not just
from walls but maybe from special C
unique districts uh oneoff wonders maybe
you pick up a suarin ship you befriend
an independ dependent people and they
give you a special one however you get
the fortifications these are very
powerful it will take much longer to
break all fortified districts and then
capture a city and that adds a new layer
to the strategy so too does age
progression so let's move through to our
final main chunk of the video it's a big
one it's most of the stuff to do with
the Ages Every age has these Legacy
paths you can check them at any time
goals from culture military science and
then finally here economic goals like
assigning 20 resources to your
settlements as you progress these goals
you will speed up literally speed up the
course of an age stripping it of extra
turns and moving faster to the next one
you'll also unlock rewards Legacy
options abilities that you'll be able to
use in future ages in the very next age
the exploration age so these miles
stones are
massive absolutely ginormous in fact
their benefits are profound they're also
essentially building you up towards the
victory Mechanics for in the final age
you'll build up legacies just like these
What You Won't suffer in the final age
but you will in the first two is a
crisis the crisis occurs towards the end
of every age you can speed through it if
you want to advance the age progression
by doing those things we just talked
about uh and you may want to do that a
crisis will require you to assign crisis
policies these are often but not always
bad the effects of a crisis will also
change there are a few different options
in each age perhaps the most unforgiving
one is this one you're seeing here the
Revolt at the End of the Age you'll lose
a city if you can't keep your happiness
up though you might also gain a city you
might also welcome a new city into your
Empire that tends to be what happens
it's exactly what happened here and I
got shafted I should have focused on my
happiness throughout this crisis as the
crisis intensifies As you move toward
the end of an age you'll basically just
blink your eyes and then it will be done
and the age will be done you'll find
this screen where you'll see your
rankings as well as your rewards the
Legacy that you built and how you
compared to everybody else in the game
you want to be winning this and you want
to try and reach for as many legacies as
possible reaching down multiple paths or
indeed changing your strategy Through
the Ages as you change your civilization
like I'm doing here is not ill advisable
it totally works speaking of changing
civilizations kind of one of the big
changes in civ7 the decision is always
going to be difficult I'd recommend
picking a unique unit or a unique
building that you really like the look
of a yield that you're already pretty
good at will be the greatest way to
achieve your goals for the next age I.E
if you're already making money and doing
a lot of trade then playing as s High
might be great for you if you're looking
to lean into more of a warlike game
around horses then the Mongols will be
your choice fundamentally of course it's
pretty specific to how you're playing
Your Leader will innately unlock the
geographical choices Spain is one of
mine so that's who I'm going to choose
here and the way that you've played the
things that you've done where you've
built your cities May unlock other
options for you as you move through the
op options side really intensifies as
you choose your rewards these legacies
how well you did in the last age will
ultimately determine which ones you can
get which ones are unlocked and which
ones just aren't even here because I was
fairly militaristic working toward
achieving those goals I get the filty
option which expands the number of
settlements I can have however there
will always be generic options available
attribute points for your leader these
are very strong should not be slipped on
and you can usually move your Capital
City for free as well this I've found is
often a good idea moving through to the
exploration age if you have a powerful
coastal city that is not already your
Capital generally slam your extra points
into any non-specific benefits that you
can pick up almost always these will be
those attribute points and then move
through for the next age oh my goodness
it's actually pretty exciting I believe
they've done a good job at capturing the
re excitement that they were trying to
build here new Legacy path options
become available again these are
specific to each age these goals that
you're trying to achieve will continue
to change and they'll lean into the new
game features and mechanics that
Civilization opens up in the ages in the
Modern Age It's usually things like
flight and combat and how you'll push
these Milestones to achieve a victory
condition in this age though the
exploration age to be honest it's a lot
more about making money and reaching
distant lands so Technologies like
cartography moving through to ship
building in this AG's new technology
tree are fundamentally important and the
significance of what you built last age
in terms of your culture matters here
too the only policies you'll carry
through are ones that you unlocked
specifically because they were unique to
your civilization in this case I can use
my Roman policies but no others I'm
going to need to unlock new ones in a
new age I'm also going to need to
reconvert most of my towns into cities
if I want them to be cities if I want
them to have access to the full Suite of
buildings Productions all of that stuff
generally I'll try and keep to my
settlement limit right up at it maybe
slightly over it and that limit will
matter a lot in the exploration age here
sending my settlers out taking care to
avoid the rough sea the deep ocean tiles
as much as I can to try try and find the
new world and spoiler alert civilization
7 doesn't really hide it that far away
it's usually pretty close and it will
usually have a lot of treasure resources
the special resource for this age that
will help me complete my economic goals
building cities actually will help me
complete the scientific goal too as
yields matter a lot in this age to
complete the scientific objective you'll
need a lot of Technology a lot of yield
and some very powerful and specialized
tiles for there is one other option to
grow a city you won't often face it
until toward the maybe the middle of the
exploration age early exploration age
and that's placing Specialists on tiles
Specialists basically allow you to add
to the yield of an existing Improvement
in building rather than expanding out
and building somewhere else but topics
like that are probably just a little bit
deep and detailed for this video that is
now already almost coming up to 20
minutes long this was obviously a guide
not aimed necessarily at the barebones
basic beginner but maybe a Civ fan maybe
you've played Civ before or or strategy
games more broadly there's plenty more
to discuss both at the advanced level as
well as at that really basic
introductory level and I'd like to try
and do both so stay tuned for plenty
more civilization 7 where this came from
thank you very much for watching I'll
see you next time time