hello everybody and welcome my name is
USA Ryan today we're going to be jumping
into Civ 7's exploration age my aim
today is to give you an understanding of
the gaml you should expect when you play
this age the first time we're going to
go through all of the most important
bits of the age and I'm going to be
updating you with a whole list of things
to watch out for errors and pitfalls
that you can avoid I've made these
mistakes you don't have to watch this
video absorb all of my brain juice and
you'll be playing the exploration age
like an absolute champ before you know
it let's just get started one of the
first things you're going to see when
you boot up the exploration age is a
choice of legacies available to you
depending on how well or badly you did
in the previous age if this is your
first game don't get bogged down by all
of the decisions just yet there's time
to optimize there are ones that are
easier to do than others exploration is
all about you guessed it exploration so
anything giving you settlement limit
should definitely be taken otherwise if
in doubt take attribute points these
things are incredibly versatile and will
help you no matter what play style
you're doing at this stage you will have
the option to change your Capital if
your capital is already on the coast you
don't need to do anything if it isn't I
would advise putting it on the coast for
me Roma is by far my best city and it's
on the coast so I'm not going to bother
changing it there is a whole new Tech
Tree in the exploration age we won't get
bogged down by Victory and Legacy
Pathways just yet instead instead in
this age we are going to be again
focusing on the science Legacy pathway
it's the easiest to get your head around
and it generally leaves you with a very
powerful Empire in order to undertake
this we need to be researching education
which can be found at the bottom of the
tech tree other major techs to keep an
eye out for are astronomy which unlocks
the first science building cartography
which will let your civilian and support
units enter ocean terrain the
forementioned education which is what we
need to unlock to get the Victory and
ship building an essential piece of tech
that will allow you to safely Traverse
open ocean I'm not going to talk about
this too much but my plan is to go
astronomy cartography and then make my
way to these two texts when thinking
about Civics just like in Antiquity by
the end of this age you want to unlock
everything in here it'll let you take it
through to the Modern Edge anything you
don't unlock will be lost otherwise
focus on getting piety this will unlock
your religion which is an essential
piece of Kit in this age economics this
will let you unlock trade routes and
after that point I'm going to be
focusing on anything that gives me
settlement limit the Mastery of society
the Mastery of colonialism and all of
these social class sovereignty and
imperialism Civics exploration is all
about settlement cap keep pushing it up
you'll notice that a lot of your units
will have made it through to the next
age broadly speaking these can be left
at home you need to keep your home
continent City safe from you know the
neighbors but any commanders combined
with any troops they have that have
survived till this age I advise bringing
them across to your Capital any cogs
which is the starting boat you get given
these should start making their way to
the edge of the continent just be
careful not to enter deep open ocean if
you move onto one of these tiles it will
end your turn and you will take damage
so stick to the coast whilst you can
your Capital should then focus on
building a few more of these cogs the
more of the world you explore the faster
you will find everything you need look
every single one of my Roman Traditions
has made its way over fantastic this is
why it's so important to make sure that
your Civ specific Civic tree is finished
you will notice there is a new mechanic
exploration called overbuilding every
single one of the buildings in your
nation from the last Age Now doesn't do
anything apart from a few anything with
the Ageless quality still works
specifically these are my Roman unique
buildings the Temple of Jupiter and the
Basilica and any warehouse building such
as The Granary in your first game don't
worry about this too much just remember
bigger numbers equal bigger yields you
won't go too far wrong after that you
will also notice that every single one
of your Town's focuses have now reset
they will all be on growing Town AKA
they will be growing and gaining
population nice and quickly until you
know what you're doing I would recommend
keeping them on growing town if you're
unsure which ones to pick just like the
last stage you can't go wrong with
farming town this will increase the
amount of food your town is making and
it will start sending all of its food
supply back to your cities I can see
that my settlements have a couple of
unimproved resources here and there
stuff that I would quite like to get I'm
going to give it 15 20 terms and then
I'm going to set them to farming Focus
generally that works pretty well when
you are given a choice of government if
one calls to you more than the others
then pick it if you're unsure which one
to go for as usual I would go for feudal
monarchy because this 20% food it is
reliably useful and you will never go
wrong with it once your cogs are lined
up on the side of your your continent
you're going to be drifting into the sea
to find distant lands in a normal game
simply pick the furthest point of land
and then start sailing away your Cog can
survive probably between five and six
tiles of open ocean before they take
enough damage to sink you don't want
this however it's likely that some of
your cogs will die that's why we're
making a few if you get a little bit
lucky you'll see land I can see some
here so I'm going to be cheeky and I'm
going to be line directly for it I'd
advise that you do the same it's also
now worth pointing out that unless there
are some settlement spots with resources
you really really need on your Homeland
don't bother settling here anymore it's
better to just leave this land open the
new world or distant lands as we're
calling them are far more important to
get to as you explore you will find new
land complete with resources this is all
very well and good but what specifically
are you looking for well when you
highlight over a resource if you find
one that says create creates treasure
fleets this is a treasure resource I
found two spices and chocolate it is
imperative that you gather as many
treasure resources as you can they will
win you this age so this island has now
become priority number one remember I
said it wasn't worth settling on your
home continent well now we found land
overseas so settlers are a priority just
be aware that settlers cannot cross open
ocean unless you have cartography so if
you find land as quickly as I have you
might need to switch this round once
your cogs have made landfall in the new
world even if it is just a small little
island it's tempting to keep exploring
but they will have taken damage crossing
the ocean there are many many dangers
here so I would take the time to make
sure your units are fully healed and
rested so the boats don't fall apart
it'll slow down your exploration by a
couple of turns but you know they won't
die so there are positives once you've
unlocked party you're almost ready to
have a religion in order to get a
religion you have to make a temple just
one will do but trust me you want to
make this as quickly as you can as you
explore go down to the lens toggle and
turn the lens to continent once you find
a continent with this little purple
Arrow this means that it counts as
distant lands this is the bit of the map
that is spawned in it's worth settling
any treasure resources on your home
continent like this island that's just
by Rome but distant lands are your
priority you need to claim as many of
these distant lands before the AI as
quickly as you can especially if you're
playing somebody like Spain who all
about distant lands my temple is
finished which means I can create a
religion you know me by now I am a one
true faithful believer of the giant crab
although it's a nice handy piece of
advice if your eyesight isn't so good I
would pick a nice bold red color much
easier to spot now we can add a reliy
and a Founder belief founder beliefs
effectively give you yields typically
these yields apply to foreign
civilizations that follow your religion
the religion mechanic in this age is all
about spreading your religion to other
people you will get very little benefit
having your religion in your own land
I'm going to take this one because it
gives me culture gold and science for
every Wonder in other civilization
settlements following my religion I know
that there are some big settlements near
me that I could convert easily melli has
made a lot of Wonders I'm going to
utilize that all Relic beliefs are there
to make relics for you pick one that you
think is going to make you the most this
one gives two relics for the first time
conversion of another civilization
settlement with a Wonder well that
Stacks nicely with the one I've picked
so we're going to pick that once you
unlock your religion it is worth rushing
it really quickly missionaries are the
units that you can use to spread your
religion the AI will take a little bit
of time to make theirs so this is the
time to act I'm going to go and spread
it as quickly as I can to all of the
major AI cities to make as many relics
as I can my Satler has made it across
the open ocean and has now managed to
find a spot within three tiles of 1 2 3
four treasure resources normally just
one or two would be enough four is an
amazing spot I like this so we'll found
the little town and we'll start to
assemble these resources next up all you
need to do is build a fishing Key I'm
going to build it in this direction to
make sure that I get closer to this
Resource as fast as I can now over time
these resources will start to spawn
treasure fleets which are then need to
escort back to my capital for now though
nothing we need to do just let the city
grow and wait my missionary has now
arrived at the enemy City religion is
fairly simple in civ7 if I look at my
own City I have two icons the first one
stands for the urban population this is
any tile with the city center or
buildings on the second is the rural
population the improvements I put around
a missionary is required to use a charge
on each separately to convert both parts
of the population to your religion and a
missionary has three charges so about a
city and a half per missionary can be
converted however if there is no
religion in a city well it's your lucky
day the whole thing is converted because
aen has a Wonder I've just generated two
relics which give me culture and
happiness incidentally this is the
culture pathway all you need is 12 how
difficult could it be quite difficult
you need to put a lot of temples down in
order to display them as you explore
distant lands you'll notice that there
are people on them more Nations have
spawned into the game you have a bit of
a choice you can either treat them
nicely or not if you want to win the
domination Legacy of exploration you
will have to go to war with them at some
point I think there no harm in being
friendly on first greeting it's very
cheap and it just stops them from
declaring war on you once you have your
religion don't forget the third Civic
tree the theology tree it's very quick
but it boosts your religion
significantly gives you some very very
powerful policies I would always
recommend putting these in your
government if you can once your town
reaches 5 population remember you can
use your gold to buy settlers it doesn't
take population and it means you have a
lot less distance to walk with your
Satler to then go and settle something
useful just a little trick for you my
next town is ready to go on the other
side of the continent this time claiming
all of the treasure we can speed it's
all about speed if you get there first
everyone else has to shunt you off it's
much easier to defend than it is to
attack when you're using cogs to explore
around World remember they can Coastal
raid this lets you take things like
encampments and camps the beautiful
bonuses I always forget they can do that
it's a very handy thing keep an eye out
for some resources being different in
your home continent or abroad for
instance gold one of the best resources
gives you a better purchasing power when
buying buildings however in distant
lands as you can see over to the right
on the main continent of distant lands
but I found gold instead creates a
treasure Fleet you know what to do found
this lovely little navigable river we
have a wonderful settlement Inland and
there's actually more treasure here than
I expected even better don't complain
just take these gifts with open arms in
fact this location is so good on distant
lands I'm going to make this into my
third city as a rule I would never
recommend going above three cities three
is about the max you want one on distant
lands it's incredibly effective to have
something to keep an eye out for I took
an alliance out with mlli because he's
just sneak and I don't trust him however
he's now at war with Spain and if I
refuse to join this war my alliance with
Brim breaks and he really doesn't like
me so I'm going to have to declare war
on Spain Spain doesn't really have
anything near me we shouldn't have too
much of an issue apart from this tiny
City below luckily for me I have a
massive land Army all I need to do is
just gather them together and head down
in that direction remember I don't need
to do anything in this war defending is
always easier than attacking saying that
there are a couple of random units
around we don't like that let's buy in a
few defensive units to make sure that we
can deal with them in combat watch out
for these one-way Cliffs my Archer has
currently stood above my opponent which
means I can attack them but they can't
attack me what a shame for them now
whilst this looks incredibly bad in
Valencia everyone is seems to be in a
hurricane whirlpool and the notification
says that one population was lost in
civ7 Don't Fear if a tile is damaged
like this one the population working it
count counts is lost so you'll see the
population drop however if I then repair
it which I can do with gold you'll
notice the population comes back that's
right population loss is now not a
permanent thing you can reverse it as
mentioned before remember that
commanders can be targeted and killed in
combat killing the enemy commanders is
an incredibly valuable thing to do don't
leave yours exposed this is kind of the
point you need to get to when your town
is ready to become a city all of the
resources are improved and your borders
are about as expanded as you want them
to get convert to City for 230 gold a
bargain if you ask me keep an eye on
some of these City resources a lot of
them say extra if they are in distant
land cities luckily for me that's
exactly now what I've got now that is a
healthy amount of resources in one city
lovely ship building lets you cross
depostion without taking any further
damage and unlocks a very powerful
ranged ship it also unlocks treasure
fleets which hope we should start to see
spawning anytime soon once you have ship
building unlocked if you come to the
resource menu you'll see how many turns
each town has left for a treasure Fleet
this one will have four treasures on it
two on this one five on this one three
on this one ultimately we have to get to
30 points given how much treasure we
have that's not looking like it's going
to be very long don't complain don't
complain we can't help the fact that
we're just really good at this game it's
a burden really you'll find in the
exploration age that your economy is so
big you'll have the gold to do whatever
you want so you might as well use your
cities to build wonders they're quite
good and their benefits really do start
to stack after a while you may notice as
you go through this age that the AI
start to compete with you by putting
other little island settlements down
don't worry if they're particularly good
you can always take them by force we
haven't really gone into this mechanic
in these videos so far but if you Su are
in a city state you can now choose the
bonus you want owning relics is a
victory type so I'm going to go with
this today but normally if you're not
sure what to do a social policy slot is
never a Bad Thing treasure fleets these
will now overtime spawn with all of my
resources all I need to do is move them
back to the territory of the Homeland
anywhere we'll do deposit my goods they
have a lot of gold in them a lot would
actually be a very good idea to escort
these things with my boats a very good
idea in fact I really should do that
this is a fleet commander this is
exactly the same as a regular land
commander except you know there the sea
relatively simple just make sure your
boats are next to it within its range
and whenever you attack it will gain
experience Fleet commanders have
incredibly powerful promotions again if
you're not sure which one to use I would
pick order this Commendation just gives
plus five combat strength to everybody
within range that's a big bonus and if
in doubt stick to the leftand tree this
is the tree that gives extra combat
damage and also gives you Splash damage
yep boats now can damage the tiles next
to the ones they're firing on they very
handy my treasure Fleet is home just
press this button unload cargo and look
at the yields Four Points 400 gold M now
that's tasty conveniently it's over 10%
of the way to achieving the treasure
Fleet I feel like we may be doing this
very quickly education is the big
scientific Milestone Tech because it
increases the specialist limit in your
cities this allows you to put a second
specialist down on the same tile as the
first which makes the yields on the tile
which are already getting rather silly
even bigger yeah this is how you do
silly things like making a 40 yield tile
or five of them it's all about
Specialists just keep on putting the
Specialists on the next one to unlock is
urban planning and now you can start to
see the stacking of Specialists we
already have one on This Ti but we're
going to put another one down to get all
of these yields and now this tile is
looking rather Mighty M delicious if
you're not sure just find the tile with
the most stuff on it and put it on that
one bonus points if you can get two
special this on the same towel because
that tends to do really well for your
legacy path one thing you shouldn't do
is build one of your unique buildings on
a tile and then put something else on it
because then you can't put the second
building on the tile it won't form the
plaza and you won't get the plaza for
the rest of the game don't do it make
sure you put both of them down at the
same time don't do what I do normally
Ursa is up to no good the other thing
that is worth mentioning if you put a
building down to make an urban tile over
the top of a rural tile you don't lose
that population it removes the farm then
I immediately get to put it back down
this is a way of quickly urbanizing your
cities if you really want to make sure
that you're getting Specialists not
tiles and when you've got a bunch of
towns that's exactly what you should be
doing remember as you go through the age
Your settlement limit will continue
increasing mine is currently now 12 keep
the settlements appearing any settlement
you don't use in your limit is Economic
Opportunity wasted just a little hint
for you if you find yourself building a
lot of wonders you're probably doing
quite well use your gold to instantly
purchase buildings in your cities and
use the production to build wonders
they'll stick around into the next age
you may as well if in doubt just keep
settling it's always worth it it's
always worth it and so as you continue
to do well and EAS the exploration age
eventually the crisis begins asking you
such wonderful questions that really
search your soul such as is a plague a
Divine punishment or a Divine Mercy um I
don't think there's a right option here
I'm going to say punishment yeah this
one's all about plague this is not fun
uh-oh that's not very good my major city
has a major outbreak that's a lot of
disease it spawned some migrant for me
which in itself is pretty nice but if I
don't cure this plague then it's going
to get very bad very quickly the plague
is getting worse but don't worry I'm now
actually getting science every time that
I cure it so that's a good thing right
I'm pretty pretty sure that's a good
thing ignore the death we'll we'll be
fine oh yeah the plague is sort of
everywhere now it makes everyone really
unhappy and breaks all of your tiles and
if you don't treat it really quickly the
whole thing will flip away from you
which isn't good oh thereare keep
spending all of my gold on Physicians
yeah that's all we get to do now just
feel everyone oh no my Army Commander
died from plague damage that's really
bad he was very very good don't let that
happen people keep an eye on where the
plague is and don't stand your important
units in it oh the plague does leave
eventually thank goodness it's generated
a huge amount of Migrant population
though I'm boosting my cities to
ridiculous levels what do you mean the
plagues grow stronger that's not good
and eventually no matter how much the
game attempts to ruin you you will
finish the age and come out the other
end and there we go exploration age is
at an end and we move forward time waits
the no man no matter how much plague we
throw at it you know some ages seem to
go better than others I think we did
pretty well there oh yeah very well
indeed so follow my little steps when
you take on your first game and you
should have no problem at all the
expiration age is when you really get to
thrive and expand across the map and
exploit it as best you can and I can't
wait to show you the Modern Age soon
soon I hope you've enjoyed this little
ride through civ7 so far I'd appreciate
a like and a subscribe if you could
potentially ship one onto a treasure
Fleet and float it my way that would be
amazing and until next time I'll see you
later goodbye