welcome back to echoridge today we're
going to take a look at the top five
things I wish I knew before I started
playing civilization 7 and this way when
you get your hands on it you will
already start ahead of the curve number
one on the list has to do with Scouts I
have a warrior here and you'll notice
that it has a tube movement and at first
glance you look at the warrior and
realize well it can move just as far as
a scout so I might as well use Warriors
instead of Scouts even a look here in
the civilopedia doesn't really reveal
what makes this scout so special other
than saying it's ideal for revealing
terrain and discovering new locations
but you'll notice it says two moves two
sight range base cost 30 maintenance
zero identical to the warrior except the
warrior also has melee strength well the
key to making the most out of your
Scouts has to do with their abilities
there are two that separate the Scout
and truly make them valuable the first
one is a lookout function if I have any
movement left and I click Lookout the
Scout sets up well a lookout tower and
then increases its sight range by one
this could be handy if you're trying to
keep an eye on another civilization and
watch enemy movements whether that be
right next to their borders or if you
wanted to set it up closer to your home
that way the fog of War isn't hiding any
enemy advancements that you're not aware
of the other ability is called search
and while I think Lookout has a lot of
value in the mid and perhaps the end
game search really shines here in the
early game when looking for all those
goodie Huts we can see here that it'll
increase the sight range by one for one
turn and reveal all discoveries within
twice this range so if I move into this
flat desert based on the Scout sight
range this is always sort of C but even
with one movement left I am able to
conduct the search and not only by doing
that does it give the Scout an entire
another tile worth of sight range but it
then doubles that so you can find in
this case a coastal edifice a far
distance away from the Scout allowing
you the advantage of knowing where to go
first so remember if you're going to use
your Scouts make sure you take advantage
of their special abilities the next tip
that I've seen a lot of creators not
take full advantage of has to do with
the Army commanders as most people are
aware Army commanders now can walk
around with a bunch of units inside the
same tile likewise we can deploy them
with the click of a single Buton and
while this is a powerful new mechanic of
the army Commander it's not the one I'm
talking about the abilities I'm speaking
about are when you're in combat and they
are coordinated attack and focus fire
I've seen a lot of folks making two
individual attacks towards the same
Target but if you plan on attacking the
same Target the best thing to do is use
one of these abilities because by doing
so you're giving the unit a combat
strength bonus you can only use one of
them per turn and they do take the Army
Commander's movement points but by
clicking Focus fire and then selecting a
tile now both archers attack the same
Target but they did so with the bonus to
combat spring note that the Army
Commander can have melee units do the
exact same thing except it's called
coordinated attack instead of focus fire
and in both abilities the units will all
receive a plus due to combat strength
also of note is that you don't actually
need two or more units to perform the
focus Fire or the coordinated attack
here I only have one range unit left and
I could do a standard range attack but
if I wasn't going to use the Army
Commander's abilities anyways I might as
well do the focus fire to give that
Archer plus two to combat strength the
next tip has to do with resources and in
my first couple of games I couldn't
figure out what was preventing me from
assigning resources to different
settlements but you'll notice in each
resource there's a small icon these
icons represent what type of resource it
is in fact civilization 7 has five
different types of resources three that
I'm going to be able to highlight for
you today once you grab one of the
resources on the map you'll unlock the
ability to move your resources around
but that ability locks again until you
get a new resource but here I have a
bonus resource in the form of Ivory and
then City resources in the form of of
Jade and kin the long and short of it is
Empire resources stack up here and apply
their bonuses toward your entire Empire
City resources can only be assigned to
cities whereas bonus resources can also
be applied to towns inversely bonus
resources can also be assigned to a city
another question you may have about
resources is whether or not they stack
and they do for instance I have three
forces and each one of them gives my
calry units plus one to combat strength
they also give an additional plus one
against infantry and ranged units and if
we take a look at the tool tip of the
chevier who's getting ready to attack
this infantry unit we can see the plus
six to combat strength due to the total
amount of our horses resources this next
step is rather important because you're
going to see these terms used throughout
your civilization 7 gameplay and they
are not interchangeable and that's the
difference between a settlement a town
and a City Rome is a city and we can
tell because we're able to use our
production if I go over here to neopolis
it is a town and our only option is to
purchase buildings and units all the
extra production that neopolis creates
gets converted over into gold these
towns all have a focus and depending on
what age you're in there's quite a few
different options that dictate how they
use their resources that they collect
alternatively you can also convert the
town into a city by once again spending
more gold now when I go back into the
same settlement you can see that we have
production and purchasable cues so
that's the difference between a city and
a town the last one is the term
settlement the term settlement
encapsulates both towns and cities this
term is also inclusive to Independent
Villages as well the last tip I wanted
to give you was to underscore how
important influence was in your game
it's very easy to start loading up on a
lot of the Diplomatic options for
instance a research collaboration that
would cost me 120 influence or
befriending Independence which here in
the exploration age takes 340 influence
whereas in the Antiquity age it only
takes 170 still a lot of influence or
even when another civilization reaches
out to you and you have the choice to
accept it or support it for the cost of
more influence I say all this to
underscore that you need to be very
careful with your influence use because
it is very valuable and possibly even
keeping a little bit of it in the bank
because it is very valuable when it
comes to war and that has to do with war
support and War weariness thinking a
look at this tool tip you can see that
my Cheval has a minus two to combat
strength due to war weariness and you
can influence that by changing your War
support and you can do that at the start
of a war or in the middle of it in fact
if you click on the civilization
portrait you can see your current War
here and by clicking on it you'll notice
there's an action that says support
yourself notice that I have three tokens
whereas takuma has five giving them the
plus two bonus in war support but
because I've saved up so much influence
I can spend 120 here to increase my War
support which not only impacts the
combat strength as we shown but also
happiness across your Empire let me
click this again and then one more time
and now from tumza having a plus two
bonus I now have a plus one bonus and
you'll notice now takuma's unit is
receiving a minus one to combat strength
due to warwar and my happiness went from
a plus 17 to A Plus 43 across my Empire
that's going to wrap up this video and
the amount of gameplay footage I'm
allowed to show during this stage of the
Embargo if you missed out on it I've
done a let's play and first impression
on civilization 7 just a few days ago
I'll leave that link in the top right
corner while I do dabble in a lot of
different strategy titles know that
Civilization 7 will be a firm part of
this channel here in the future so until
next time much love happy gaming and
I'll talk to you soon
a