hey everybody it's soer let's play a
game today with legendary start also
known as Isabella she has a natural
wonder start bias which is good because
she gets 300 gold every time she finds a
natural wonder uh natural wonders
provide her double the yields uh and
then she has some stuff about Naval
units which uh pales in comparison uh
compared to her natural wonder ability
I'm be using the treia Kadesh and sha
necklace momentos uh because city state
are a thing and cerity is incredibly
important uh to try and enhance her
natural wonder start base I'm going to
be using the Han
civilization um not only have I never
finished an Antiquity age for them so
this will give me a foundation points
experience which is important but they
get a second population with their first
growth event so if I do get a natural
wond start uh I should be able to work
more tiles of it sooner which will be
important I'll be playing a standard
siiz teror Incognito map uh and in a
best case scenario like in a perfect
world I I I get something like the Great
Barrier Reef uh that just gives like a
bunch of science or maybe a wonder that
gives a bunch of culture uh so that I uh
don't even really have to try this game
that' be really really nice like I
already love the fact this is like one
of my favorite abilities that they've
ever included just ah just more likely
to spawn next to Natural one wonders and
go uh but you know to give her double
yield seems um excessive uh like I know
it's a leader ability but I don't know
some of the Wonders are pretty powerful
enough on their own and I got 300 gold
let's go ahead by starting uh start off
by putting out my diplomatic attribute
point so I can get my influence right
away no matter what and now where is um
okay I got snow down there but that is
not the Wonder oh uh Redwood oh well I I
guess it's different than that um it I
guess it's noticeably different but I
would have never picked that out as a
Wonder um but you know 22 two so that's
going to be for food for production and
for happiness uh plus it gives culture
and science on veget well that's that's
that's actually pretty decent um seeing
as I get one population R away I can
actually settle one away from it and
maybe I settle
rate rate between this gold and Jade uh
and that should be really really nice
because uh both those are pretty decent
resources uh so yep let's go ahead and
go there first thing I'm going to be
doing is getting the scout out because
scouting is like the most important
thing now I'm going to need like uh
quite a few Scouts so I'll be building
those for a while let's go into potery
I'm going to go right into the I'm gonna
Rush the great staly because I am going
to want to complete all of the Legacy
paths and really the most important two
Legacy paths are ancient wonders of the
world because well you actually have to
build these wonders and science because
you actually need the 10 codexes all
right so let's see um next I'm going to
go ahead and start building another
Scout I've got water here and Tundra and
snow down this way so that means
everyone is going to the north which is
pretty nice let's go ahead and go off oh
um I thought the I was hoping that this
would just keep going but it looks like
it widens out let's go ahead and drop
all right so it does open up we've got
some goodie Huts there and there all
right perfect excellent well let's go
ahead and take my growth we'll grow
there and there and now I can stop
working on this yep let's put the
Grainery down right there yep and
because the Grainery is going to take
that St uh tile I will get my population
back and then let's do I don't know is
four Scouts enough let me think um if I
go up uh I'm going to have to go over to
the left at some point but the most
important thing oh it actually looks
like that might be Coast there um so
yeah all right so let's see I'm going to
go over that way I'm going to go up that
way I'm going to go up that way I'm
going to go up that way um yep so so
four should be about good right yeah if
I need more I I'll I'll change but I I
think that works let's go ahead and grab
another natural wonder tile H this
perfect in three turns I'll grab another
one really really good um I have got
like a ton of production
already great let's go ahead and grab
that um
technology oh boost no h I'm not giving
away three turns of production for a
boost oh but uh uh a neutral city state
thatat is a good good start let's go
ahead and go there and you would we got
here um let's just go ahead and drop
another search all right perfect that is
wide open excellent and honestly I think
now I just grab uh tiles that Farms
would go on so that when I build because
I am going to build this Greenery
relatively soon uh but so that when I do
build that
Grainery uh the city keeps growing as
fast as possible and these are really
close so I'll just get them when the
Scout that is going that way goes that
way uh I'm not super worried about
somebody coming back and grabbing those
if they were further away I'd probably
beine them more but otherwise I I just
want to I I want a fan out in every
direction going to the north um so this
next Scout will go up more in the middle
here um and then yeah we'll we'll go
from there let's just go ahead and go
straight there um what do we we got uh
yeah I'll take more culture that that
works for me excellent uh you where my
uh just keep going that way I just want
to get the most visibility possible and
I also want to get every well not every
that's one two three four all right so
if I was to go like right here and
drop
ow all right so this might not go very
far cuz it looks like that's going right
there and if I've got snow down here
it's not like he can go down super far
all right excellent now that's that's
good perfect yep we are doing just fine
uh you oh just let's see what do we got
oh uh well we just had a flood that's
not great um but otherwise yeah we're
doing all right we got goodie Hut there
goodie Hut there and goody Hut there
that is super super nice you just go up
that way and go
that way excellent perfect um anything
else in two more turns I'll be at five
population and I'll be able to buy a
settler so that that'll be really nice
let's go ahead and get some more culture
let's go ahead start working towards
mysticism first government obviously
going to be classic Republic uh I I I
want the ability to um well I don't know
if it's of of ability is the correct way
to say it but I want the option to get
more production towards wonders during
my
celebrations um all right so you're
going to just you you'll go grab that
one you oh all right so that one's gone
never mind all right so you're going to
start going up to the north because this
person should meet us pretty soon I
would have to assume yep let's go right
there uh yeah take damage get culture
awesome you uh just head up that way
that's F that's fine perfect excellent
and anything else I need to do nope
we're we're we're doing just just
fine all right so Pottery is done where
are you
growing yeah we're just going to go into
growth and happiness uh because I want
population as soon as possible uh you go
out that way and I guess you're just
going to start going up there and uh yep
just just go grab that the Earth is
oh excellent uh
um well let's go ahead and buy a settler
I I know where I'm settling uh that's
that's pretty easy uh the good news is
I'm going to be able to just buy a
settler next turn too uh yeah let's
let's uh not buy The Grainery don't
definitely don't want to do that uh but
let's build that Grainery yep excellent
uh let's start going into writing so I
can possibly get the great Stelly uh you
just go up there perfect you just go
right to there and
um let's see do I want to chip some
there uh let's see one
two one two right there one two right
there um if I was to settle like right
there this city would have like a ton of
resources so I'm actually going to pass
up on the culture and leave the gypsum
there just because this city is going to
be amazing so that's actually going to
be my that's going to be a city uh so
I'll get a city up here and a city uh a
city right there those will be my first
two cities um yep that that works out
for me really really good honestly so
let's go ahead and grab
that um I'll take more gold that's only
guaranteeing I'll be able to get that um
uh I'll be able to get another settler
honestly uh you just go up there perfect
there's a hostile city state there no
the super big fan of that um all right
and settler you're going to go right
there yep perfect and then let's go
ahead and buy another settler excellent
and jeez I can already almost buy my
next
settler that's really good um let's see
so yeah no this is good really good
right so you're going to go grab that
perfect so let's go right to there
perfect uh where are well get away from
there um well drop that search if you
die you die no not the end of my world
uh let's uh where am I going with you uh
let's let's go up that way I'll get that
goody Hut to the north uh you just um
have you moved already
all right go right there perfect now you
go right there Perfect all right so now
you're going to go right to there and
anything over here nope that's that's a
dead end excellent perfect you're just
going to search down there it's like 360
for my next settler right yeah so and
very very short amount of time I'll be
getting my next
Saddler I'm going to have to find this
city state oh well yep that that's
that's
fine um anything else no
excellent oh and we met uh hey nice to
meet you Hosea oh are you
doing uh that that's cool man um
uh don't don't doesn't matter you don't
matter to me uh let's go ahead and drop
that Brickyard right there excellent uh
just just give me yield and and we'll be
happy let's go up that way oh
well honestly I could have just well oh
well I guess I I was so focused on him
going there that when yeah oh well what
are you going to do nothing you can do
it is what it is uh like they just got
on top of each other I I just one one of
the one of the risks of talking and
playing uh is sometimes I don't always
uh think everything through oh uh yeah
actually I even though I do want to drop
that search uh would just it would just
slow down my Saddler and honestly I
don't want to slow down the Saddler um
right yeah nope that's well I guess it
doesn't slow him down that much oh well
already moved
him oh well that's fine uh just jump in
the water yep perfect and you oh uh go
ahead and grab that and uh happiness yes
we'll definitely do that I would love
some more diplomatic favor how how do
you know exactly what I want let's go
ahead and grab that o uh we've got
golden influence yep oh at the cost to
be you that's fine whatever
uh I I would have given honestly for
gold and influence I would have given
pretty much anything uh yep that that's
fine
uh let's oh and we met a civilization
hey nice to meet you uh Xerxes how are
you
doing uh no it's nothing uh I I've I've
got to start befriending you even though
I want the science more uh because I'm
beward settling you I guess I didn't
count one two three four five six all
right that is just far enough away
ooh seems I have enough money from my
other City let's go ahead and fire that
off right now um where is it going to go
I like this other silver right here so
let's see going from there one two three
four five I guess right there that gets
me one two three okay so I don't reach
the salt but I do reach the wool the
camels the silver the wool and the wo um
so yeah I I I like that I'll take that
um food uh yep food I want I want my
Capital to grow as much as it can food
our happiness how far away am
I next celebration is next turn
regardless so yeah let's go ahead and
get more food if this Capal could just
keep growing I'd be all right with that
uh more food more happiness excellent um
anything else I need to do no this is is
good enough right
right all right so let's go ahead and
get more culture for my
celebration uh yep that works for
me excellent where are you
going uh let's go ahead and go right
there yep I don't think I need to watch
you I I I I hope you'll be all
right uh drop another search there all
right so you'll go clear what's over
here and you're going to just keep going
to the north excellent then you um there
was an that must have been Jose who got
that huh well let's let's go ahead and
search down that way yep perfect and you
just keep searching down that way
excellent y this is looking just fine
hey I'll be able to settle next turn
that's nice so let's go ahead and yep
saddle there and you're going to grow
into that and into that perfect well yes
I would love if you gave me more
culture oh mysticism to
discipline uh let's see Great Wall is to
culture when happiness reach adjacent
section uh oh it's C cment yep let's go
ahead and do that and let's go ahead and
City the patron goddess is available so
that is what I'm going to take Let's uh
what does the Han Civics tree look like
it's pretty limited that's all right two
influence on the pallets one influence
on science
buildings uh the unique unit gets more
combat strength when defending one
influence on happiness buildings that
that's all right I guess and 10 science
in the
capital and so it's just not really that
of an it's not that impressive of acific
tree um oh well it is what it is hey
start building an altar yep
excellent uh yep let's go ahead toss
that in the capital right
yeah right so you uh just go up that way
you just go up that
way
um I am sort of P what did I just run
into
there well that's not good don't get
attacked
um uh all right excellent I am sort of
past the point where I need to find
every tribal Village really now it's
just a matter of let's go ahead and
clear as much fog of War as
possible right um all right so let's go
ahead and move away from that
unit
anything excellent Yep this is is
looking all right uh oh well that's
great nice to meet you himo I I found uh
some pretty okay leaders uh as my rivals
so far because these generally just want
to give you gold which is fine with me
because that's actually what I want from
my rivals is uh for them to just give me
gold and ask me questions that give me
more diplomatic influence per turn and
not cause me any problems
that's what I look for in arrival for
them to do everything in their power to
make my situation easier I don't think
that's asking too much is
it o uh all right so we've got a hostile
city state there narrative Choice uh
production on Palace that works for
me yeah definitely going to sell there
uh that that goes without sayane let's
start growing into that perfect
excellent that's going to be amazing
City it's making me a pretty decent
amount of gold per turn already um
that's that was really good actually
that's H I'm definitely okay with that
um there there can't really be that much
left over there has anyone met anyone I
haven't
you you
haven't you haven't all it's no one's
met anyone I haven't
um you know what you're you're going to
cut over that way yeah that's that's
where you're going you're going to go up
that way and you're anything up here no
well it's nice I got like this whole
back area
here
um let's see one two three so if I sld
right there I could get all those
resources in one city that wouldn't be
bad those would be some Inc like I have
some really really incredibly resource
heavy cities um so I I'm I'm more than
okay with
that uh yes 100% good sir thank
you uh you just keep going down that way
you just keep going that way oh well I
guess you're can go up there
excellent anything over here nope so
that's just like a little back end of
stuff that does not matter that's what
that is all right so how soon 10 more
turns all right so I'll be starting I'm
getting uh cerity there incredibly s
okay there's no possible way that's
faster you do realize that right like in
what world is that faster because it's
not don't
I should have been watching where that
was going I'm sure it took the dumbest
possible way
um oh well hey we met uh where you're
not Jose uh where you're even
um yep nope that that's great nice to
meet you uh well you're going to give me
two gold per turn when you get my map
that's good for you I guess uh let's see
uh go ahead and unlock that excellent
oh
so six more turns
before I can build anything I care about
so let's go ahead and fire off a settler
even though honestly
I like but
why it's fine I I I don't
care uh where are
you
anything how about you and thing
anything at
all oh Another Science city state that's
that's
nice okay is that okay perfect so you're
going to just go up and help clear some
fog War to the north all right perfect
we are doing
good all right so you get right
there get right
there get right there uh let's see what
we got
oh y there we go there's two gold per
turn for the map super important uh can
you get through
there can you just get away from there
there's no reason for me to even be by
that um let's see anything else I need
to do no what we're doing just
fine all right so narrative Choice well
that's great hey you know what else is
great I'm going to go ahead and settle
right there excellent uh
you um would love to grab that silver
right
away but I going to have to claim I'm
going have to claim that but I'm going
to have to claim these tiles because
that's uh I I'm not going to actually
get to the point where I own that tile
but I want to claim those tiles and do I
need to claim these tiles as
well yes so then I'm going to have to
start working down this way uh until I
can get this tile right here so that I
um what am I trying to say uh because I
don't need ownership of the actual
resource but I want ownership of the
tile like when you click this tile you
get all the tiles around it because
without loyalty somebody can settle here
somebody can settle here somebody can
settle here so I want to claim the
resource tile not so much the resource
immediately um because I don't want
somebody to come oh uh yeah I'll
definitely do that uh so let's go ahead
and uh start that
perfect excellent and then let's go
ahead and do this and because I actually
want you to grow yep let's go ahead and
put the tuuu production one I'll I'll
lose two yeah I'm I'm fine with
that I am perfectly fine losing uh two F
my Capital honestly uh to get that City
to grow uh because just what I was
talking about like I I would like to
claim those tiles sooner rather than
later so if I can get two extra food in
there and that seems like a really easy
way to do it um anything else
well all right so
you're that's I mean you could just say
don't go that way
like that seems excessive guys that's
all I'm saying like you just been like
hey we would prefer you
not oh all right well that's that's fine
I'm okay with
that you you don't have to like me all
right that's it's not
required um I mean I I was hoping that
some of you people would like me but but
I guess not so let's go ahead and head
that way let's go ahead and head that
way
um I guess go up to the north really at
this point now it's just to clear fog
War all right so uh growth and
happiness or actually maybe I should
grab that gold I should I should grab my
resource tiles as
sooner as the reality
um I guess I'm going to start going up
to that tile yep uh yeah that that works
right I mean I would like to be picking
other tiles but without loyalty it's
it's really you you got to claim them
sort early how how soon five more turns
excellent so I'm going to save up all of
my diplomatic influence until I become
cesarian there because I am going to
want uh yep well first I'm I want to
switch that out but I am going to want
to get
my my
uh uh the diploma attribute point so
that I can pay
less for cerity um let's see it's how
many turns until
I four excellent so so I guess I'm going
to just wait four
turns is the reality um before I pick
whatever I work in because it's going to
be one of these two I don't know which
one it is but when I get the free Civic
then I will start working on discipline
if I don't get it um let's see uh three
combat
strength uh two influence really I
think yeah more influence be
nice uh how how soon till I get writing
one turn all right well then just just
build build one of these I'll play the
lottery that's fine by me
um you know there's actually a good City
to be have like right here too let's see
one one two three I can get that Jade so
if I settled like right here I get one
two three get the dyce get the wall
get the fish get the
dyes uh but I think that one's
[Music]
better
yeah I think that's that's
better so let's go that way excellent
you where do I need that way perfect you
where that
way all right so there's nothing up
there um what what are you
for training units um honestly I'm not
having the spot you in that's that's not
worth anything to
me it just just is not worth uh anything
because in like what once this is done
I'm going to start working on the great
staly so yeah let's go ahead and get the
Archer
because um we're being realists about
this somebody's going to attack me soon
enough I
mean where anything o I got a tribal
Village there hey I got 400 gold I'm
going to go ahead and buy an alter yep
perfect let's go ahead and do that and
let's go ahead
and hey that's a really good tile uh yep
perfect claim that resource then I'm
going want to start claiming resources
that way and then I can get going
towards this
cotton excellent right
right perfect um anything else I need to
do nope and this is just making me so
much money I'm going to be like able to
get oh able to get killed by those boats
I'm be able to get like uh Alters really
quick activate on Palace to oh well yes
that's fantastic that that's is
literally exactly what I would like if
you would have put like 20 options at in
front of me
I would probably still pick that one two
um let's start heading down this way
right
right um and then once I get the money
I'll drop the alter there because if I
get a population there then the next
thing I can pick is that silver so that
when you know the inevitable happens and
people declare war on me I am ready for
it I'll right to there
excellent well I guess we're going to go
grab that
what do we got uh 75 happiness 75
gold
um well I mean it would get me the
celebration like slightly sooner and 75
gold really isn't that much uh when I'm
making 53 a turn so yep let's go ahead
and do
that I'll get the celebration just
slightly
sooner which should be nice um I'll be
able to get uh
production towards
wonders all right so I can get rid of
that uh do I settle
yet well might as well
huh yeah I'm doing all right perfect and
now let's grab that Jade let's grab that
cotton perfect
um which which which of these cities
needs to uh uh hadan would be nice if
that grew so let's put that cotton in
hadan
huh uh which which city oh that's that
City down there perfect so let's go
ahead go there let's get the Jade into
the capital perfect doing all
right all right how soon two more turns
excellent and who right so you haven't
been staredad
you haven't been
started you haven't been
started all right so that is where I'm
putting my diplomatic influence first
that's cool um oh well what are you
gonna do nothing you can do it is what
it
is all right so uh just go ahead and go
that
way just go up that way keep going that
way
so 200 gold oh my happiness dropped
quite a bit that that settle might not
have been worth
it
yeah definitely probably not worth it oh
well what are you going to do I'll have
a oh I'm going to get animal husbandry
for free ain't I nope I won't excellent
so but that means that when I take my
next technology
I'll just go into not sailing it'll have
to be anything other than sailing all
right so that that's that's easy enough
perfect
excellent hey you're dead
now excellent so city state bonus let's
go ahead and get a free Civic and
excellent perfect so now I am going to
go into discipline two in seven turns
does that make
sense yes it does
so let's go ahead and take that
diplomatic attribute Point obviously
we're going to go into 50% influence
towards defending and independent right
right um so now you and
uh that's not good um you're definitely
going to run
away You're Going ooh there there's a
tribel village right there excellent so
let's go ahead and search right
there let's go ahead and just get right
there I
guess all right
so well I have to start here yep
excellent um I would like to get that
one uh no we're we're good we're good
cuz this is going to be like centrally
located
all right so then I'm going to go start
this one as well
ow all right so I'm going have to be
competitive on two of them I don't like
that well I have to be slightly more
competitive here all right so that puts
me in the lead there then I got to start
saving up my influence for down
there
oh all right perfect yeah this would be
really nice because then I have this
sort of line of
protection which which would be all
right I'd be I'd be super cool with like
just a line of uh city states that will
declare war on anyone who declares war
on me all right so who if you know what
this is probably the most likely to be
attacked so let's start moving my
commander up
there right right
and I can buy myself another alter which
is super super nice uh production
towards wonders yes uh we'll take that
for now perfect oh um I did want to
switch off of you let's go discipline
too right
right
because I'm going to want gate of all
Nations queued up and be ready to build
uh let's go ahead and drop an alter out
of
here uh yep perfect and now if you
expand right to
there that locks down those tiles so
then next population in three turns I
can grab that silver so I'll be able to
buy the units
when when people you'll declare war on
me because I have to assume that's
coming I have to assume that's coming
very soon uh where where are you going
just go that
way
uh you know what you're you're just
going to go into here and just just just
stay in that City that's fine let's go
ahead and grab that oh I can get more
culture or some gold yeah let's get some
more
culture um I just don't want something
to happen
where I end up wasting my culture on
that so if I lock it sooner rather than
later I am fine with
that excellent I wish I hadn't settled
that I wish I hadn't gotten that other
City it
it's really isn't
worth really isn't worth it um if you're
not going like full domination
where uh two food yeah we'll take that
you're not just going like fullon
domination like it's costing me yelds um
you're going to just keep doing what
you're doing I I want you to keep
growing uh is there anything over here
nope aent can you get up that
way um just go there and I just heal you
perfect you're sort of in a
non-important spot the
cage all right excellent where are you
growing
towards I don't really need to lock that
down
yet um honestly I want to get that
cotton and is there a a city location
here do I need to worry about
that there is not yep so I can start
working towards that cotton which is
what I actually want so yep let's go
ahead and do that perfect and let's see
uh am I going with science uh
irrigation yep excellent because I will
definitely get saine for free all right
you go there and oh I found the borders
of our uh friend
Ean that's that's nice um let's see how
am I doing
here still in the lead there that's good
how am I doing there still just slightly
behind there
isn't good but doesn't bother
me I mean it bothers me incredibly but
I'm not going to let it
because now I'm in the lead
Perfect all right so where are
you
um God I would really love to grab that
wo
like it's too production too happiness
would be nice uh let's go ahead and get
the silver yeah
let's see
you uh wonders placed in tropical Plains
are desert what what are you on right
here
uh uh grassland that doesn't really
help um well I'll just grab it now
anyways yep that's
fine oh let's go ahead and start
exploring that way and
you is there any no just just your death
that's that's what's that way um please
please don't find
that like I don't I don't want you to
die just yet uh anything else no I'll
toss an alter right there and then I'll
can start growing into
the uh Jade oh wow well you're going to
die but honestly I don't
care um if you die you die like I I I've
explored exped everything like what's
what's what are they going to provide me
now they they they have nothing left to
provide how how three
turns excellent and how am I doing up
here I am still in the lead excellent
how am I doing over here I'm still in
the lead excellent how am I doing at
saman hasn't been
started and has been started
and hasn't been started excellent
perfect that is exactly where I want to
be in the lead or they haven't been
started um that is perfect I'll be able
to buy another alter next
turn um okay I'll be able to buy another
oh it didn't get damaged that's nice uh
I'll be able to buy an alter this turn
then you have one you do all right uh
what we'll just buy it here right let's
go ahead and just pass that alter there
perfect
excellent diplomatic
action you
know that's fine you don't have to like
me I guess all right
so definitely going to get that for
free so the next most important thing is
going to be code of law well actually
I'll be able to get those
free and I feel like the city states are
going to start coming
up so let's start working on that yep
because the unique Civics tree does not
get unlocked by the free Civic rewards
and stuff like that
so uh I'm going to need to buy an Archer
sooner rather than later I have a
sneaking suspicion um let's see next
turn or two turns perfect nope we are
doing good three more turns I'll have
perfect I'll be able to buy another
alter in three more
turns that's
nice oh just just go up that way awesome
all right so
74 I'm still on the lead here
right
excellent and I'm still in the lead here
right yes all right so then I can start
just keeps saving my influence before
next
turn um and I'll probably be able to get
a couple
of excellent citycape bonus let's go
ahead and get a free
technology excellent uh yep we got
mysticism plus we got sailing and we've
got
uh you know what 50 gold isn't really
that much not like 25 culture is but
yeah let's go ahead and do that near
choice I
mean I sort of need to take the Codex
don't
I um i' rather take the
influence yeah well it's not really what
I want it's what I have to take to get
all of the Legacy paths so so there we
go excellent so
you um you know what I'm going to
just because I can get another codex
here do I really want to keep
waiting well I'm I'm going to start
somebody else up uh who is the next most
H probably this one
huh yeah probably that one
perfect uh do I maybe speed that
up h no I I'll just save up uh
because God I'd love to speed this up
because it's it's could that's
possibility becoming a problem honestly
um I've got a couple of problems around
me come on great Stelly
please please be
completed um don't let anyone steal it
on the last turn that would
be that would be awful I that would be
very very sad please let him just leave
my territory don't oh May the of the God
dang it I want to buy
another alter but instead now I have to
buy this Archer and buy the altar next
turn all right so let's go ahead and
start working on gate of all
Nations I think
so um I'll get the Sawmill soon enough
so I can go ahead and take that yep
perfect and what you can grow into
now that works for now oh you can't grow
into
that um nope just just keep growing
excellent I want to keep those woods
intact because the woods well with great
are with the Redwood Forest are stronger
and let's see I'm still significantly in
lead
there and how am I doing here I'm doing
just fine excellent so next turn I'll be
able to start another city
state which will probably be that one
there right unless one of these other
ones get started by somebody else which
they have not been perfect excellent you
just go up that way
all right so
uh perfect I'm friendly with Ivan that's
nice uh
perfect that's also nice how many turns
are left not just 10 that's nice um so
let's get rid of that let's get rid of
that let's get rid of
that oh do I start somebody else how far
are you away 12
um you know the only reason I'm not
going to start somebody else is it's
getting to the point now where if one of
them does dump a lot of diplomatic favor
into one of those city states I'm going
to want to be able to get it and I can
just see both of them doing it at the
same
time I don't know maybe I'm being a
coward but I mean in a few turns I'll be
able to just dump all my influence and
anyways so yep let's let's just go ahead
and play it safe um you have you have an
alter yep you have an alter you have an
alter so this is my last alter let's go
ahead and pop that
down right there
excellent perfect yep we're we're doing
doing real real nice
um once I am certain that there's no way
I'm going to
lose those
I'll I'll just dump my influence
100% all right you can't grow there so
let's just go ahead and grow into that
yep
perfect and let's just start growing
into that perfect got those want that is
out oh there's actually a decent City up
there but it's going to be a while
before I can settle again um I I'm
already very unhappy with being over the
settlement cap
uh you know what you're going to go
there and shoot him perfect ex y just go
ahead and get an
experience
um honestly it's not even like I need 25
extra science but I I don't need a
second Archer right now I I I'm like I'm
like actually really really safe so yep
uh no we're good there and we're good
here all right
perfect and you uh just jump the water
there and just start healing yeah I
don't really need you anymore I I think
I've got all of the exploration I could
possibly
need we're doing all right we're doing
all
right who declared war on
me
what all right
well General start going that way that'd
be that'd be
nice that's
interesting
um all right well let's go ahead and buy
an Archer out of
here probably have to buy one of those
every turn for a while um don't like
that I mean I I knew that he was unhappy
with me but
I don't know that seems excessive uh
let's see um I'd rather have the gold
honestly let's go ahead and do that
let's go ahead and do that perfect H
actually doesn't really wasn't really
worth it let's what is this
um so yep let's go ahead and do
that
so H how am I doing
here 74
influence excellent so let's go ahead
and start somebody else up because even
if you were to start speeding up now I
think as long as I can like get one of
them I'm I'm
good let's see how is
samand
excellent let's go ahead and start here
because there uh further or not further
uh saman's further
away um so therefore less likely to
cause me
problems just just stay there that's
cool all right so you y grow into that
cotton and let's see where
is oh that's the Wonder town where is
that is the tundra one
so you know what if the tund drin grew
yep perfect let's go ahead and do
that yeah no no reason there
um
so
let's oh that's the Scout well the
Scout's going to go there
because you know they're going to have
to kill him yep perfect and
let's yep definitely shoot that guy yeah
the fact that you're going to have to
attack through the water is going to
make it real tough for you
honestly
um you what you're going to go that way
as
well excellent yep that's uh that's
pretty much defended then how am I doing
here all right we are in the lead
excellent and am I still in the lead
here well if you if he never changes
that I don't understand what his thought
was on the
war yeah this this seems to just
be not super well thought out um yeah
let's get rid of that guy
do did that give you everything that you
had hoped for I don't
know all right well it's now completely
defended that's cool like
what such such a bad
attack H did I I already got the silver
all right so let's go ahead and get that
Camel
um
yeah just not good
I don't even know what to say about that
uh let's go ahead and yep pop the
science oh 25% progression yeah that's
fine uh let's go ahead and get rid of
that perfect let's go ahead and toss the
camel in and now let's toss that in
excellent all right
so nothing's changed
perfect
and nothing's
changed uh
let's see if let's see it would
be he would have 30
left so if he switched to two r or if he
or no he'd have 20 left so it would go
down to seven you'd have to put a lot in
I don't think that he can change that
out come all right excellent uh and I'll
wait until I
170ish influence again and then start my
next city state just so just so I always
do have enough to
uh to uh put one more shot in if I have
to but honestly at this point I I
think you're going to just go right to
there yep you're going to go right to
there I
think
I might uh can you get in the
water I
might well I'm going to go over and
defend the city state I know that
much uh
but nope that's great um five and
nine okay I wonder if I could take out a
City all right so can you get there yes
let go get there
yes oh uh I didn't realize that he has a
unit right
there so you're going to go right there
to shoot him
yep uh let's go I'll let him get up to
my Archer that's fine I just stay right
there excellent so I've got 200
gold I could use that to to buy um let's
see uh this is G have a lot of camps
so I got the fishing qu I could get
another resource right away
um really maybe I drop the fishing Quay
just to get that population back well if
I drop the greenery there I get a
population back so either way yep let's
go ahead and drop that
Greenery excellent and now you can grow
into uh yep let's go ahead and grow into
there excellent perfect and I got myself
some more wool that's going to go to the
capital because it doesn't provide
growth and capital needs
production um but if it provided growth
I'd want one of these cities to get the
uh extra resources
perfect excellent looking
good um I lost a you what wonder you got
finished terra cotta Army well that
doesn't affect me at all all right so
you uh Commander get in the water thank
you because you're
are going to shoot
him you're going to shoot him as
well
excellent nope
perfect five turns are so I'm definitely
going to get that
one the three turns I'm definitely going
to get that one so let's go ahead and
start another city state okay those are
taking care
of samur can
you only have one
city I can like put you
out how did that happen
um honestly I want Samaran
first let's go ahead and do that
perfect excellent uh so what would you
do um defend
on um going just keep going that way yep
let's let's go ahead and get to the end
there
right
right uh just go that way perfect
excellent oh shoot I didn't notice that
that could be a
problem how soon until we're in five
turns well if I can afford to speed that
up I
will
right I think that makes sense
it makes all the sense in the world I
don't think it's going to drop much more
than five turns but have four turns it's
not much
better but it is
better let go ahead and go there can you
shoot that up any
chance you
can ow I was really hoping I wasn't
going to move directly into the line of
fire of that guy I don't don't know why
I would have done that I don't remember
telling it to do that you literally
haven't settled any more cities what are
you
doing oh well apparently you really want
me to die I don't know like once once I
become cesarian here I mean you're
you're completely done for I don't even
know what you're
doing all right so next turn I'll get
that one
one there three more turns I'll get that
one JY has anyone starred you nope so
that's going to put me in first place
everywhere I'm picking these up right
yep definitely
there definitely there I start
samand excellent yep so then that works
out real real nice um can you shoot
him all right so now you
why are you just standing
there like you realize if you were to
like do something other than just stand
there like you might like do something
to
me like I'm trying to help you
out because it seems like you need
it I on the other hand I'm doing just
fine like what are you
doing ah all right um
I should get another building somewhere
uh let's see this could like if I got
myself like a a a
Brickyard that would add a decent amount
of production wouldn't
it uh yep let's go ahead and do that or
maybe I start saving
up
no
for for uh
let's see for uh making this a
city well I'm definitely going have to
get that even though I don't really want
to but in three turns that City would be
killed God dang it
um anything no we're doing just fine how
soon can we make peace two turns
excellent how soon am I can be is are
here three turns perfect that works for
me like I I'm not going to hold a grudge
man I don't
care excellent is foolish there we go
and we got Gat well Nations and
now let's see one gold on all
settlements yep one gold on all
settlements thank you city state
bonus
um I was really hoping for the free
codex
oh well so we'll do blos Circle yep
excellent perfect Cheo
celebration uh keep keep going on wonder
production I don't know if I I don't
know if I have a wonder I need to be
building right now uh but oh I should be
uh speaking of things I should be
building science buildings where are you
from
yellan which one is oh that's Yellen
where are you
from ow all right so I'm going to have
to speed up yellan too all right that's
cool uh no chance there yeah no chance
there
perfect so let's go ahead and do that
there that gets me in the lead
befriending
everyone excellent that's good two turns
I'll be and then have to start working
on getting neutrality with
yolan where would I build this
yeah how about you uh act as a fortified
uh you'll make defending
easier oh but it has to go on
Woods well like
that um where would Oracle
go well yep let's go ahead start working
on Oracle
perfect um can if you're just going to
sit there I guess I'll just kill
you that's cool
um let's see next turn I can make piece
which is
good uh do I just convert this into it
would cost me a lot of Mone
gold per turn if I conver that to a city
though like what's the production this
is
10 that's
21 that's that's pretty good
though 21 production is really good so
let's go ahead and do that yeah perfect
um I don't I don't really need that much
gold I guess let's start work uh what
let's see uh Hanging Gardens yep
perfect
rate right there is fine yep excellent
uh
so you're going to take that not that
you really need help
growing but it's better there um let's
see otherwise yeah we're we're good um I
might yeah this this is fine
excellent uh just go ahead and drop a
look out there and you're only two turns
away I'm going to obviously go for
Wonder
production so yeah no we're we're good
hey did you shoot yet you did awesome
honestly maybe that's what I have to do
is buy another ar oh all right you can
just leave me alone that's that's a real
cool option I'm glad you
took
um was let's go ahead and get that
perfect and let's go ahead and get that
perfect nope
awesome hey do you literally only have
one you only have one
city like
why I
mean well so let's I guess go take this
one
city
like like I feel like I have to don't I
he's got one
city like what are you
doing like I feel like if I don't take
that that that's
just that's like can I let can I let him
just have one like like this is deity
isn't it
I'm pretty sure took pick deity do know
like yeah sure enough it's deity you got
one
city God dang it I don't feel good about
the victory right now I'm doing really
well I don't feel good about it because
this guy's got one city he's not doing
anything like
just you can't feel good about your
Victory sometimes it just takes it away
from you um can like how much is a
library very
cost
um yeah no uh well if he makes peace
with
me yeah let's let's go like cuz I don't
want to just go like full warlord and
just conquer everyone and he clearly
needs
help yeah just go that
way shoot him I don't feel good about
that but
let's go ahead and speed that up perfect
how are you doing next turn will be
neutral excellent how are we doing up
here we're doing good there and
Jessy we're doing just fine and Jesy all
right so all right excellent this is
going
well you better like invest in being
friends with me oh he's got a lot of
Science and culture for one
City maybe I should have taken him out
oh well