civilization 7 is finally here and
whether you're a Civ veteran or you're
totally new to Forex games and don't
even know what forx stands for it's an
acronym for explore expand exploit and
exterminate FYI uh there are plenty of
new systems to learn in civ7 I'm EUR
gamer Ian hickton and in this video I'll
be running you through 14 beginners tips
that should help you lead your chosen
Nation to Victory rather than straight
into the clamming little hands of your
opponents as much as you might want to
don't send your Scouts wandering
aimlessly into the fog at the very start
of the game once you've got your first
settlement up and running you'll want to
start exploring the area so you can
discover any nearby wonders and map
features like Discovery tiles which
trigger narrative events that let you
choose from two rewards to help you find
these important tiles the Scouts have
been given a new ability that
temporarily grants them extra vision and
reveals any Discovery Tiles at Double
the distance a sight for sore eyes
indeed Because deep down all human
beings are evil greedy Warlords you'll
want to find out where rival cves are on
the map and start claiming territory as
soon as your Capital City reaches five
population and you can train a settler
keep an eye on that settlement cap on
the banner at the top of the screen
though because you'll get Hefty
happiness penalties on your settlements
if you go over this cap and that will
restrict the settlement's growth and
could even lead your citizens to revolt
thankfully you can increase the
settlement cap via certain Civic and
Tech Tre unlocks and Via leader
attributes so absolutely don't forget to
do that unless you really do like riots
I
guess it may sound like a no-brainer but
when founding a new settlement you're
best off looking for spots next to
plenty of resources settlements can
expand to cover up to three tiles away
from the city center so make sure you
cover as many as possible and remember
that resources can either apply a flat
effect to your entire civilization or
can be assigned to individual
settlements so choose whatever works
best for your current plans it doesn't
matter if you have duplicate resources
either as their bonuses will stack so
don't neglect a resource if you see one
[Music]
access to the ocean is vital for
settling distant lands in the
exploration age so make sure you're not
landlocked if you're playing on a
continent's map see if you can secure
access to the Sea via both the East and
West coasts wherever possible this is
especially vital for the economic Legacy
path where you have to set up
settlements on distant lands to import
special resources like cocoa sugar tea
and spices even if you're not going the
economic route if you grab resources you
can then make sure other cives can't
claim them for themselves which is
proper selfish but also absolutely the
sort of shady tactics that you'll need
in order to
win if you've got enemies on your
borders and you'd rather that they
didn't ransack your lands hover over
them to see which Village they belong to
if you haven't found them already your
next goal will be to discover their camp
on the map once you've located them you
then have a few options the first option
is to use influence to befriend them
this takes quite a few turns during
which time their units will still be
hostile but when it's done they will be
friendly and unless another Civ destroys
or befriends them first you'll become
their suarin and can choose from a list
of useful bonuses to obtain from them
you can even eventually incorporate them
into your Empire and take over them if
youve got enough influence so it's
absolutely worth befriending every
independent people you encounter to
secure their bonuses even if they're not
hostile your other option and this is
mainly for people who hate friendship is
to March your armies over to distant
enemies and wipe them out with military
strength you can disperse an independent
people by stationing one of your units
on their settlement tile and clicking
disperse this grants a one-time flat
reward based on the settlement type if
you're not in any immediate danger it's
also a great idea to take some units and
a commander over to the village and let
the commander gain XP and promotions
whilst your armies battle it
out it's a huge waste to engage in any
combat without a nearby Commander
getting XP and leveling up from it so
make sure you avoid this wherever
possible by using your commanders
commanders can occupy the same tiles as
your soldiers and you can move them
around during your turn to make sure
they're affecting the units you're
attacking with when an age progresses
you lose any units that can't stack into
a commander so train extra commanders to
keep your armies strong if you train up
a unit in a settlement far from the
front lines you can send them to
reinforce a commander during which time
they'll disappear from the map if the
commander dies in the meantime though
the reinforcement will fail and they
will reappear where they were originally
which is good news for you and for the
reinforcements but not for the dead
Commander
obviously while you're fighting don't
miss the additional options you get by
expanding the unit's action bar by
clicking the arrow on the left hand side
as this is where you can upgrade and
heal your units because as we all know
everyone loves a healthy unit on this
note there is one particularly painful
mistake that is easy to make while
you're fighting land units have a severe
strength penalty when they're embarked
on a ship making them really weak to
enemy attacks this has always been the
case in Civ games but now the map has
navigable river tiles and your units
will Embark if they end up there so make
sure to avoid your units becoming
vulnerable in a bad spot the flip side
of this however is that you can now
bring ships further in land to help
attack or defend
territories look out for damage District
tiles in your settlements these might be
the result of a natural disaster like a
flood or a storm an enemy pillaging you
or if you're a proper meanie your own
people getting a bit grumpy with you now
there appears to be an option to repair
these damaged districts with production
but this didn't work great for us
instead it seemed much faster and more
efficient to fix them using gold since
it's relatively cheap and you can repair
lots of damage in one go if you've got
lots of money in your bank consider
purchasing units or buildings like this
purchasing buildings is the only way you
can add them to town so if you want to
expand quicker don't be stingy and get
your wallet
out it's important to pay attention to
where you're placing your buildings
especially if your Civ has a unique
District type that is formed by placing
two unique buildings in the same
district if you build one in the wrong
spot you can lock yourself out of a
unique district and there's nothing you
can do about it and unless you've
already unlocked the Civics that let you
construct both buildings you won't even
get a warning if you're about to lock
yourself out either which quite frankly
is
rubbish be careful to not use up all of
your influence there are some great
benefits to using it for helpful boosts
or sub auge but we recommend you keep
some saved up in case you need to spend
it to block someone trying to denounce
you or to convert an independent
fast you can keep an eye on everyone's
progress by hovering over your portrait
in the top right corner this will show
vital stats for every rival you've met
so far including their yields per turn
and number of settlements this will be
an incredibly important thing to do if
you want to make sure you're not falling
behind your opponents as you can then
plan accordingly if you are
trade routes are very important but you
will need to build a merchant and send
them over to a settlement in range
before you can set up that trade you can
have one trade route to each
Civilization by default and spend
influence to add more and ideally you
should try to have a trade route with
every friendly settlement in
range you can track the current ages
progress on the trophy in the top left
corner this is definitely a useful stat
to keep an eye on as when the age
reaches 70% completion this will trigger
a universal crisis event there are a few
different crisises you can get from
plagues to revolts and if you get
unlucky they can seriously hamper your
plans ages don't progress at the same
rate though they start off slow and
start to speed up as the cives in the
game complete Legacy path Milestones
that means falling behind can be really
bad and speeding ahead in one area might
not give you enough time to complete
something else that you're going for the
Golden Age rewards at the end of each
Legacy track are by far the most
valuable but can be pretty hard to
achieve if you find yourself falling
behind other cves in the Antiquity and
exploration eras all is not lost but you
might need to resort to more violent
means of catching
[Music]
up and that leads us nicely to our last
warning don't neglect your military even
if you're not going for a military
Legacy path because sometimes you might
just fancy a dust up with a rival Nation
or two pay attention to your
relationships and try to avoid fighting
everyone at once but if you notice a
powerful enemy starting to get ahead of
the pack consider taking a well-placed
city for yourself or even eliminating
them from the game if you're strong
enough because one less rival means more
land and resources for you so hopefully
these tips helped you hit the ground
running in Civilization 7 if you found
this video useful please do give it a
like subscribe to Euro gamer for almost
daily videos about video games and why
not check out some of the other videos
that are on screen and clickable right
now I mean come on at the very least
it'll be civil of
[Laughter]
[Music]
you sorry