hey folks quilly te here and welcome to
my very first full let's play of Sid
Meers civilization 7 here on the channel
this may not be the first video for civ7
on my channel but this is going to be
the full complete unaltered every single
turn is going to be present game of civ7
on my channel I've got to give a big
shout out here to 2K and foris for
sponsoring this video you to can build
an Empire that stands a test of time
sidm civilization 7 is on PC on consoles
from February the 11th it's got three
distinct ages each with their own
exclusive sets of historic civilizations
choose from as you evolve your Empire in
this episode we'll start to meet the
leaders who got your Empire Through the
Ages we're ready to get started now I
always play when there's a new version
of Civ I always play as Egypt and or
Rome to me those are the most iconic
classic era civilizations that you can
play as and indeed that is the case I
have probably by this point on my
channel uh some early preview I of me
playing aspit starting off as Egypt and
this time we're going to be playing as
Augustus and starting off as the Romans
over here so whereas I said hpit is fine
and fun and great to play I said I
didn't think she was necessarily the
most powerful of the leaders I don't
know I mean sure we're going to find out
all kinds of crazy broken combos as we
go but I feel that Augustus is
incredibly strong over here and here's
why first of all so when we're talking
about the leader himself over here
Augustus he's got the Imperium
M mayus he's he's got this ability over
here where he has plus two production in
the capital for every town which is
lovely now this is towns not cities
we'll talk about the differences between
those later on but it's still a very
good ability um this one here which
doesn't seem as obviously potent is
insane can purchase culture buildings in
towns and plus 50% gold towards
purchasing buildings in Towns now if you
haven't followed the news for civ7 you
may not know what we're talking about
we're talking about towns versus cities
it's going to become very obvious once
we get a little bit further in but when
you create a new settlement in C7 it is
a town which can then be converted into
City and they work slightly differently
now that's our leader of course in civ7
you can mix and match your between your
leader and your Civilization now this
isn't the first Civ game that does this
although it's gotten a lot more hype on
it for civ7 but you can go and pick a
different civilization lead as a
particular leader however um there are
his IAL recommendations and for example
with Augustus here Rome as well as Egypt
are the two recommendations over there
um and it's also worth noting that by
default the AI n uh leaders will pick um
as far as I understand it will pick
Nations that are historically accurate
for them so um Roman Empire here 12
tables plus one culture on districts in
the capital and City centers in towns
we're seeing a lot of synergy with towns
which again will make more sense as we
get into it I don't want to frontload
you with too much knowledge if you
haven't been following too much we also
get a plus 30% production bonus towards
constructing Coliseum as far as I can
tell all of the different nations all
the different cives have a 30%
production boost towards their
particular iconic Wonder anyone can
build the Coliseum but the Romans will
do it best we also get a unique unit the
legion over here plus two congrats rank
for every tradition in the government
we'll look at what those are later on
we've got legatus is a unique unit that
replaces the Army Commander Army can
commanders are similar in a sense to
Great Generals in previous games
but they do a heck of a lot more than
just giving a few passive Buffs to your
troops they are the centerpiece of your
army and they're going to be very
important the legatus in particular here
as you level up these units do gain
experience points and level up the
legatus every for every three level they
have they'll be able to spawn one new
settlement one New Town SL City from
that ability which is brilliant and is
an overlap in history about how um the
Roman army had like lots of Engineers
and stuff like that for building roads
and and bridges and things so and uh
Building forward s M and things like
that like say London londinium is that
how it's pronounced I think you know the
thing that eventually becomes London we
have a unique quarter The Forum we're
going to talk about the quarters a
little bit later on and then we have
unique buildings so if you haven't
followed the news the way buildings work
and the
way districts and buildings on the map
work are fairly different and this is
going to factor into our unique
buildings the Temple of Jupiter and the
Basilica as well as new quarter The
Forum I'm also running a couple of
momentos these are things that you can
choose during game setup to personalize
your experience you can switch these
around every run um I have decided on
these two I'm not saying that they're
the strongest necessarily I have no idea
but they're two that I thought would be
interesting to Showcase one of them will
give me a military attribute point which
we're going to spend basically right
away to showcase the leader attribute
system and the other Imago Mundi gives
extra sight bonus to our Scouts I in
games of Civ in previous editions of Civ
because I usually play on the top
difficulty deity um especially in Civ 5
and Civ 6 Civ 4 I still have never beat
on the F the top difficulty even though
it's my personal favorite version of Civ
God I love Civ 4 so much in Civ 5 and
Civ 6 on deity difficulty I would love
to start with a scout first but it's
usually too dangerous and I feel that I
have to start with a warrior unit
immediately here in S7 the scouts are
very special how they work and I think
in Mago Mundi this momento I'm going to
use this to really give them as much of
an oomph as possible let's go and spend
our attribute Point as your leader you
get these attributes and these will
continue they will persist throughout
the entire game we have a point to spend
in militaristic so I'm going to do that
uh I can either give myself plus five
combat strength against independent
powers and city states or gain one free
war support on all your Wars we'll talk
about war support once we get into a
proper War this is really good
independent powers on city states are in
C7 basically what Barbarian encampments
and city states were in say si 6 for
example that's where your experience is
it's kind of both at the same time and
plus five combat strength against them
is going to be huge especially in the
early game the war support's going to be
great later on but in the early game
this is going to be stupendous so I'm
really excited about that and I think
that's going to make a big difference
for us um with that hey do you think you
know we're we're six and a half minutes
in do you think we should settle our
first city I think it's time for that
we've got our founder over here founder
is slightly different from a settler and
I said a settler founds a town normally
a Founder founds your true capital city
with a palace in it we could move it
around I think we're probably fine start
where we are so I'm going to go ahead
and just found the settlement boom and
we've got
Roma got that popping it I love I mean
the art obviously is gorgeous what do we
have immediately next to us we have some
iron you can see here in the tool tip
iron will give our infantry units plus
one combat strength I'm I'm sure that's
not something that's going to come up in
a Roman playthrough but you know just in
case maybe maybe it'll be okay and we
got some wine hey no complaints there
we've got some cotton and some Jade to
our South as well as some little hores
over here for plus one combat strength
for Cavalry units and additional plus
one against infantry units I am actually
notorious from not using much Cavalry
when I play my Civ games but maybe this
will be an exception or honestly the
iron gives us plus one to infantry and
who doesn't want to build a bunch of
Legions all right we can hit the button
here to choose production we can also do
it by just clicking on the city center
itself and here is the City View over
here now we can get lots more
information about our city by clicking
here we can find out you know a bunch of
different info including our Central B
building the palace we start with a
palace it produces five food five
hammers which is the production we use
used to create buildings and units and
all kinds of stuff as well as five
happiness and you can see it reflected
over here in our production unlike
previous versions of Civ you do not work
the base tile itself of the city so
there's none of this well let's move to
be on top of the hill or something like
that you're going to get 55 and five as
your base production in here and we also
start with one culture production um in
our Capital but oh that is because of
some traits that we've got actually
there we go from building plot yield
change it's because as Rome or as Caesar
as as either as Augustus or Rome we had
the plus one culture from our palace
here in our city so we actually going to
start with a culture generation of 11
you have a base 10 we're going to start
as 11 slightly more as Rome um and we
got our 10 science again that is all the
base and very normal we're going to be
presented with a choice of what to build
first no buildings immediately either we
can do a Scoot and Scoot a boot or we
can build a warrior at some Nations for
example if you're playing as Egypt
you'll be starting with their unique
unit right away but here's just going to
be a Baseline Warrior which is fine now
on higher difficulties and we are
currently playing on difficulty 4 out of
six which name is Sovereign over here um
the higher difficulty you go I think the
more important it is to actually start
with a military unit immediately but
because we've got that momento that
boosts Scout Vision I am going to start
with the Scout first I think after that
I'm going to aggressively build some
military we are playing as Rome of
course so it fits but we're going to
start with that uh the game Auto gives
you the agriculture technology being
researched it's one turn away and it
also starts with the chum Civic which is
currently 10 turns away we have 0%
progression towards the next age
currently we'll talk about ages plenty
we've got a variety of other buttons
over here we can check our social
policies not that there's anything to
speak of over here yet but there very
soon will be resource allocation we'll
be playing around with lots of this as
we go we've got great works we've got
religion we haven't founded one yet and
we've got player unlocks over here which
I'm just going to leave for now cuz I
think it's got a couple of things um
that may be
uh embargo resist limited currently so
I'm going to just hesitate to click on
that uh for now and yeah we can click on
our own character over here we can find
out info we could click on other rulers
and find out where they like us or don't
like us if we'd found any yet but we
don't have any of that and if we do
mouse over a ribbon we get some stats
there which will be really nice when we
meet some other people because we'll
able to compare with them and see how
we're doing we are now 10 minutes into
the video we're going to end turn one
well if you're new to the Channel first
of all remember to subscribe and like
and also 10 turns for the first turn in
a game or 10 10 minutes for the first
turn in the game that's honestly kind of
a personal best speedrun all right we
are not pro being prompted to choose a
technology because we have finished
agriculture we can check the tree over
here for technology this it's worth
noting is only for the first age the
game is divided into three eras we've
got the Antiquity age we've got the
exploration age and we've got the Modern
Age currently we in Antiquity so it just
ends up over here um it's worth noting
as well that there are these Mastery
sort of leaf teexs linked to something
so there's currency and then you can
Master currency this is optional you
don't need to go after the masteries to
proceed down the tree but they do give
you some interesting bonuses that on
some games you'll skip because it's not
relevant on other games you will be oh
this is a super high priority because
it's very important what I like about
this is that Civilization being a
historical game you mostly go through
these Tech trees in a consistent fashion
you eventually pick up everything
without without a lot of variation with
C7 with these masteries now we still get
this kind of logical historical
progression through Technologies I mean
this is not a science fiction or fantasy
game so you expect things to progress in
a certain way but now you have more
ability to customize your path through
technology with these masteries which
are optional but can do some very cool
things for now we did start with
agriculture um we now completed that so
I have the ability to build a granary if
I want uh you can pronounce it granery
if you'd like but graner is also very
groovy
um and it also gives us plus one food on
farms when we get to that point we now
have to choose between sailing pottery
and animal husbandry which will lead
down some more things now let's take a
look at what our terrain looks like
before we make that decision we are on
the coast that being said I'm not sure
that sailing is the most critical for us
if we had started on a navigable river
and if you're excited about that do make
sure to check out my Egypt videos
because I am really about making maximum
use of those navigable Rivers then
sailing becomes very key because the
fishing key or k um boost the food
output on fishing boats which is very
important and actually just unlocking
the technology in and of itself gives
you plus one food on fishing boats um
and fishing boats are excuse me are
especially nice on those navigable
rivers and especially as Egypt we could
go animal husbandry um this gives us the
Slinger which is a very it gives us it's
an early range unit and range units are
very powerful since civ5 forward right
ever since they added the one unit per
TI mechanics and Civ range units have
really been the king of Warfare at least
in my opinion uh and the Slinger is
quite good unlike the Slinger and Civ 6
which had a range of one this Slinger
unless I am wrong and I'm never wrong
this Slinger does have a range of two
same as an Archer it's basically just a
more primitive version of the Archer is
quite good we got the saw pit here for
increased yield that gives you just
building the saw pit gives you plus one
production and it's plus one production
on camps and wood cutters um which we
will probably end up with some that's
not bad and then Potter we can build a
Brickyard which gives you increased
output on Clay pits mines and quaries
bonus to food on plantations bonus
production on quaries what are we going
to do well we're probably going to be
mining the iron relatively soon and if
we mine the iron and then build a
Brickyard we will get the extra
production that's kind of nice early on
I do really like food production though
and one of the things that we don't have
quite as much of here is anything that's
giving us a substantial amount of
food I'm torn and I don't think there's
a wrong answer I'm going to start with
animal husbandry but we'll probably pick
up Pottery fairly quickly which is the
exact opposite again of my Egypt run
which should be on my channel where we
went sailing immediately so we have
completed our first Warrior or first
Scout rather I should say I could build
a granary right now The Granary would
only give us one food because we don't
have any farms or pastures and
plantations yet so it wouldn't be
terribly impressive though it does set
us up for some nice ones pretty quickly
I was just complaining about we don't
have a tremendous amount of food here
the Gran re would fix that that the I am
very tempted to get a warrior
immediately for some defense especially
since we're playing on a slightly higher
difficulty but tell you what let's plop
Down The Granary because that'll let
talk about this The Granary if you were
playing C 6 you would be building The
Granary it would just be part of your
city center but in C7 every building
goes on a tile it works very much like
the districts in civ6 so if you're used
to being building campuses or holy sites
and things like that right you would
build them on a tile and then you'd also
have some buildings like say the library
that is being built inside of that
District here every building you build
goes on a tile very
specifically as soon as there is a
building on a tile it becomes an urban
tile this is going to be different from
a rural tile which we'll see as soon as
our population rises in our city um this
will create an urban District wherever
we click it urban districts have room
for two buildings you can see I can't
Mouse over there I'd love to point at my
screen right now but in this the box in
the top left corner of the screen you
see it's got the down arrow is showing
you we're placing this here and it's got
a little plus it has room for two
buildings every District every Urban
district has room for two buildings for
example if I Mouse over the city center
we already have the palace in there so I
could click here to add a granary to my
City Center District um and it would
occupy the second slot and in this case
that would be fine um some of the
buildings have a lot of adjacency
bonuses and you're going to want to kind
of think about placement uh with The
Granary it doesn't actually have any
adjacency bonuses whatsoever I think
it's perfectly fine to sit in our stick
in our Center City Center right now
we'll leave all these other tiles open
and be flexible so we'll do this it'll
get built in uh 11 turns currently it'll
actually be faster than that cuz we will
be boosting our production as soon as
our population rises in five turns here
um so we'll do that next up we've got to
move our Scout we do have a little
FlyAway panel here with a few extra
functions that we can use um and we can
just move the Scout so the Scout moves
two tiles at a turn let's go ahead and
just click there and move it I love the
way the map looks it's absolutely
gorgeous love the way the fog of War
clears out I mean 10 out of 10 right
there for sure we're going to go hit
next turn then we'll showcase one of the
scouts abilities instead oh I think I
misre here the the city has actually
just grown its population by one um or
maybe it's guaranteed to do that in the
next turn actually I hadn't quite
noticed that but this Rome has just
grown to a population two and we got a
uh button here for you know in the
bottom right corner that says grow City
if I click on that what we're doing here
every unit of population just like in
every C game that's ever existed every
unit of population Works a tile in your
city
that's the same as before the difference
now though is that unit of population
gets placed down and creates currently
until we unlock Specialists we'll talk
about that more later currently creates
a rural District wherever it gets popped
out so you have the urban districts
which is where buildings exists and you
have rural districts which is where an
individual unit of your population will
work that tile by plopping that down it
will create an improvement at the same
time so if we were to click here in this
rough grassland it will create a mine if
we click here in the this rough
grassland it'll also be a mine here
we've got Farms you can see little
chickens this is a fishing boat and here
we've got a wood cutter now the
Improvement itself like you don't have
to worry about well what's the
difference between a mine and a wood
cutter by itself it's just what it says
on the tile if I click here I will get a
tile that's going to produce one food
and one happiness this tile is going to
produce one food this is going to be one
food one production one food one
production one happy face one food one
production one
money we know we're currently building a
graner which will produce one more food
in all of our farms for example hey
we've got a couple of farms over here so
what I might want to do is plan ahead
and click here to take advantage of that
alternatively the other thing that's
different very different of seven is
your borders of your cities don't grow
on their own they don't grow as a result
of producing culture instead when you
plop down a rural District it's going to
do what we old Civ players would refer
to as a culture bomb it's going to grow
the borders of your city adjacent to
that so if I were to put a rural
District here it would then claim these
three tiles within the border of the
city they wouldn't produce anything
right away but they would be claimed
which means we'd be able to expand to
them later on it means we own those
tiles from a government point of view
and it's it's quite good for us to
advance maybe towards resources for
example if I claimed either one of these
two then in my subsequent turn I could
go and grab this tile here with the iron
which is pretty nice and I think we're
researching the build no we're not
researching the pottery boosting
building um but or the the mine building
maybe we are boosting building what are
we
researching yeah the saw pit which
boosts uh camps and wood cutters right
which we could put a wood cutter here if
I did switch to the pottery and then we
could build the Brickyard instead when
it came in then that mine would be more
valuable maybe I'll do that actually I'm
going to switch my research over instead
the pottery and I'm going to go here
it'll give us a little bit extra food
for our city growth which is great and
the happy face we don't need the happy
face right now cuz we have positive
happiness although the more net positive
happiness we have in our Empire the more
rapidly we will generate celebrations
which are really useful so yeah I'm
going to go ahead and expand here
interestingly enough despite the fact
that it is a mine we are not actually
boosting our production not yet not
until we have some supporting things but
there we go we've expanded there and you
can see our borders have reached out as
well great now I could keep moving my
Scout but I'm going to use one of our
two Scout abilities this turn we've got
the lookout ability which increases
sight range by one it just leaves your
unit here and gives them extra sight
range now it says plus one but remember
we are running Imago Mundi which is plus
three sight instead of plus one for the
search the Scout search and Lookout
ability so the lookout Parks them here
which is a great thing to do after
you're done kind of done using your
scout as a scout but then we also have
this Lookout or this search ability
sorry yes the search ability here this
is increase sight range by one for one
turn and reveal all discoveries within
twice this range let me click on this
button and we should get something very
interesting first of all you can see it
definitely saw further than just plus
one we did get the plus three sight
range in there so we could see
everything down to here in addition to
that in the fog of War we can see things
there's some runes over here because at
Double our sight range it revealed these
extra special things there's one here
there's one here these are the quote
unquote goody Huts of civ7 although they
come in a variety of different flavors
we got a cave we've got a rune we've got
another Rune over there um and that to
me seems like all we've got currently
but by spending one turn doing this
search action we have much more
direction as to where to send our Scout
now you can see the sight range changed
but if I just parked him with Lookout it
would be a great way to keep an eye out
for hostile uh hostile enemies I'm going
to go ahead and head to this ruin here
cuz it's the closest and then from there
we can go to that runin so I'm just
going to right click that way for my
Scout and he'll see what he can see next
turn there we go you can see Rome is
growing quite quickly
here oh now that's making me wish I'd
started with a warrior this is a scout
belonging to I think it had said husa
Village and that is a hostile Village if
we check over here okay we have an act
oh no there it is um we don't know where
husa is although probably right over
here I would suspect at this point but
we know that there's an independent
Village called husa now they are hostile
so they will be looking to attack us we
could befriend them we have a resource
called influence once we find their
actual City we will have the option of
spending influence to make them friendly
to us instead of aggressive or we could
do Roman things and just go and conquer
them that's a possibility as well well
conquer disperse really but more on that
when we get there we have reached this
route and we get a nice decision the
discontented subjects of a departed Lord
have Disturbed his tomb they haul out
the riches buried with them tribute
stolen from their own chapped hands
option one I could reclaim the stolen
tribute get 75 gold I only have 25 right
now I'm only making five per turn 75
gold is a lot of money or I could rebbur
the Lord with dignity give me 45 culture
I mean culture is great for unlocking
the other Tech there's TCH and then
there's the Civics but it's you know
kind of a technology and accelerating
that is very
valuable I think I'm going to go with
the culture on this one we're going to
rebbur the Lord with dignity boom there
you go we can see the progression on
chiefdom it's nearly done we're going to
go ah hit next turn and we should get
that now great oh and we got a narrative
Choice the Senate is in session and
voices are raised in Conflict alone
Senator speaks out against Imperial Fiat
while augustus' supporters seek to drown
him out so I believe these I think
there's plenty of sort of general ones
for everyone but there are also some
that are specific to whatever Nation or
leader we're playing as so here we could
listen to the senator we'd build three
monuments we' get some culture say
selecting this option will begin a quest
or we could say only the strength and
loyalty of the army matters have a
commander with three promotions 15%
production towards training infantry or
there are greater Pleasures in life than
politics get 50 bucks I think three
monuments would require us to have a
number of cities actually normally this
Quest I believe would required us to
have three cities I think to build a
monument I may be wrong maybe you can
always build a monument in town we can
definitely build monuments and towns
here as Augustus because we can always
buy culture buildings in towns which not
everyone has the ability to do that so
that's quite interesting I do think
we're probably going to build a fair
amount of military though you know what
I'm going to say only strength and
loyalty of the army matters we're going
to have a very militaristic Vibe we've
got a little Quest here in the journal
now there are other things we can check
in the journal at this point the age
progression in classic Civ say in Civ 6
if we're talking about that um at the
end of the game there are Victory
conditions you can achieve you know your
your science space victory for example
your Conquest victories Etc Etc in S7 in
every age there are these legacies that
you can build towards what made you so
impressive in the age of antiquity uh
here we've got culture which involves
building a bunch of Wonders there's a
variety of Little Steps over here that
progress things and give you some little
rewards along the way the ultimate goal
you can see here ultimately for culture
you're going to want to build seven
wonders in military you're going to want
to have 12 towns or cities conquered
settlements count as two obviously a
very military Vibe makes sense for have
codices codex codes codexes are things
that you can gain through some quests
and things like that but a lot of it is
through researching those masteries so
by researching masteries a lot of them
will say plus one codex for example and
ultimately you want to get 10 codes a
codex is worth two science per turn in
and of itself and progresses this
science branch over here and then we
have economy which is to have lots and
lots of little resources again there's a
bunch of little substeps along the way
that are sort of leading you to get
there but ultimately they're all going
to lead you towards getting a total of
20 resources now what we can do is we
can actually track all these and you can
you can do all of them in any
combination to any degree you can
hyperfocus on one you can spread things
around there's little resour there's
little rewards everywhere it is quite
beneficial there's a lot of extra perks
to completing the top level of these
with these Golden Ages it's very nice
but you've got a lot of flexibility but
there you go I've pinned them here so
we've got a variety of things listed on
there including the little Quest have a
commander with three promotions so we're
going to get a l legate legate I feels
like it's probably legate because it's
Latin but I'm probably just going to say
legate or
legate we can grow our city again a
awesome so we're size three so again we
can expand everywhere now the tiles with
resources are quite handy because by
building a rural District here we gain
the resource and it's also worth noting
that your Urban buildings you don't
build Urban buildings on resources but I
think you literally cannot build them on
resources uh I suppose we could check
really quick oh no I don't have any
other buildings on unlocked yet we'll
check afterwards if we're still there
but um but in any case we want that so
getting the iron for the plus one
strength is going to be quite good and
it's a decent tile one food one
production one happiness now it's worth
noting normally this would represent
like let's say this one food tile in
classic versions of Civ this would feel
like a net loss because normally one
unit of population in Civ costs you two
food here this is the amount of food you
would get above and beyond like whatever
is needed to sort the population the
population that deploys to this tile is
self- sustaining so this is always the
net win that you're coming out of over
here this is equivalent of a three food
tile in previous versions of Civ so it's
not too bad at all and of course this is
going to be multiplied hugely as we
build more support buildings now one of
the things you might be wondering at
this point is hey what if I go and plop
down a district let's say I click here
and put a a rural District here to get
this build them get this food right what
if later I want to build a urban
building here or a Wonder have I just
blocked myself no what's really nice
about C7 is if you build an urban
District on top of a rural District or a
Wonder on top of a rural District that
United population comes back to you and
you can redeploy it somewhere else
either in a brand new rural District or
once we unlock the ability to have
Specialists you can deploy it within one
of your urban districts as a specialist
now it's worth noting that when you
deploy them as a specialist because
they're not deploying as these rural
districts that are self-sustaining that
specialist does cost you two food and
two happiness to run as a specialist
very different you need a fair amount
you need a baseline of production mostly
food of Happiness to support the
specialist although this is where towns
will come in we'll get to those soon
enough now getting the horse gives us
right to combat strength I think I'm
going to go over here I suspect early on
we're going to make good use of infantry
units I mean infantry units are always
going to be useful so we'll deploy over
here boom and there we go so we've got a
mine here so now if we check Rome seven
food six production excellent and a
little bit more happy face over here I
mean within the city itself as long as
you're above Z is I think all you need
but the global happiness again fills up
a
celebration meter that will eventually
trigger a celebration for us we have to
choose a Civic so we can look at the
Civic tree here this is all the Civics
that everyone has access to in the
Antiquity stage including M trees just
like technology right but then also with
our nation we have a unique little baby
tree that has something specific to your
nation so we can research um exor exor
situs Romanus which which is the thing
that unlocks the Temple of Jupiter which
is our one of our unique buildings
there's civas Romanus which unlocks the
Basilica our other unique building and
with those Powers combined we can also
build our unique quarter by building
those two in the same tile so it is
quite tempting and most likely we'll
probably go for one of our unique ones
but there are a couple other options
available for example mysticism over
here uh would give us so this quill icon
I you know that they they totally put
that in the game for me the quills it's
a shout out to me um this is a social
policy that we can run and if we run
this it gives us plus two gold in all
settlements very good it also gives us a
building the Altar and it unlocks
founding a Pantheon and obviously
religions are pretty powerful in these
kinds of games there's also discipline
over here which gives us even more
movement sight to our Scouts um it
unlocks a wonder the D
shukin it unlocks the function of an
army Commander although in our case it
will unlock the legatus which is our
unique variant of that and we will get
one of them for free and we actually
have a side quest to get a um a
commander up to level three it might be
worth I really like the the nation
unique stuff but it might be worth in
this case for us to go and get started
with discipline so that we can get that
Army commander and start working on this
little sub Quest so I'm going to
research that we also because we
completed Chie them get to choose a
government now these
governments in of themselves don't do
that much what these do is when you have
a celebration which happens from Having
excess happiness you will get to choose
one of these two bonuses and as far as I
can tell the way these are arranged is
they have one option that will always be
generally good and one option that will
be more um circumstantial for example if
we play Pick classical Republic which to
me sounds great for Rome we will have
when we get a celebration we'll have the
option of either getting 20% more
culture for 10 turns which is always
going to be good or we will be able to
pick and we can pick a different one
every time there's a celebration or we
can pick plus 15% production towards
constructing wonders which is great if
we're constructing a Wonder so we will
pick and choose every time a celebration
comes up depending on what we're doing
or maybe it'll happen we'll pick this
and be like hold on change all of our
production everywhere let's spam out
some wonders I'm going to go for
classical Republic here I've got to say
though I really in the early game do
love this 20% food bonus oligarchy I
pick a lot because of this food bonus I
think it's wonderful but classical
Republic will pick that and then we get
our first social policy we currently
have one whole social policy slot this
is our government screen so we get our
overview of what our government there's
your little happiness meter we can see
we're currently about 24 turns away from
a celebration there's also crisis this
will come into play at the end of an age
and then our policies So currently I
have two options these are always
available I can either have plus two
culture in my Palace or tool making
which is plus one production and one
science in my opinion these are pretty
Equitable I guess since we're slightly
producing more culture than science I'll
go tool making we'll get plus one
production there we go and the extra
science so we're building things
slightly faster in Rome we're getting
science a little bit faster that seems
pretty good this unit is waiting for
some orders so we'll go and run to this
Rune over here reveal more territory oh
got what's this silver oh very nice
we've got some marble here some more
cotton and some salt down here we've got
some dyes off the coast some little
fishies over here cotton over there um
your cities do reach a maximum workable
distance of three tiles away from your
city center so one two 3 well we
actually could work this cotton and this
and the Jade from Rome but we wouldn't
be able to take advantage of these to
little resources we might want to build
a little town down here in the southern
coast of Rome build a kind of a fishing
Village and then be able to take
advantage of the dyes and the fish
actually sounds pretty good Maybe not
maybe not our first settlement but
probably a good one to keep in mind
anyway we're a half an hour into this
video which is a little bit longer than
I wanted to go hopefully everyone found
this interesting and is excited to see
this full unaltered stuff if you haven't
seen it already on my channel I do have
a six video series where I play as Egypt
um that is a preview series of videos it
was limited to only a total of 1 hour of
gameplay footage it is 10 minutes per
video with a bunch of non-gameplay sort
of conversation besides that so like the
first video is like something like 25
minutes long for example cuz it has
extra conversation that it doesn't
involve actual gameplay video in there
but if you are craving some more civ7
you can take a look at that again do
check the description box down below for
more information about civ7 uh some
links to probably the 2K uh YouTube
channel um where you can pick up C7 so
on and so forth as a reminder this video
was sponsored by 2K and for AIS and I'm
so thankful for them to do that I'm
looking forward to playing more of this
I hope you are too I'll see you next
time bye-bye