well the time has almost come hello
again there friends and fans Raptor here
and welcome back to sidm civilization 7
you've been seeing it all over the
channel and all over everywhere and the
hype and excitement is real so today I
thought we would start by making a
little video on how to get started in
Civilization 7 hello again there friends
and fans yeah Raptor here again for even
more as we're playing the founders
edition of civilization 7 so thanks to
them for sponsoring today's video 2K and
farax teaming up to sponsor a whole slew
of Awesome videos here to showcase the
game and different ages such as the age
of antiquity the Age of Exploration and
the Modern Age 2 as well as of course
this little tips video so thanks to them
for that I'm going to show you how to
get started here in the game and uh
basically fire up a standard game of Civ
and show you some of the different
options but I won't be able to show you
all the nations and leaders just yet all
the civilizations and leaders haven't
yet all been revealed so we'll be um you
know kind of showing you that in the
future so make sure you subscribe and
hit that like button and thank you again
for watching Everybody we're going to
jump into a little bit of the how to set
up a game then a little bit of how to
get started in the age of antiquity and
then later in the series we're going to
have a couple more episodes on as I
mentioned the Age of Exploration and the
Modern Age with what differentiates each
of these leaders too where you know here
Augustus very good at the beginning
leading Rome and of course they were
president in the age of antiquity and
are very strong then but what happens
with other leaders later down the line
if you were to pick somebody like
Harriet Tubb and where does she benefit
you well obviously it's a little later
in the game because she's a little later
in history but we'll go over that a
little bit later later later soon later
all right remember folks this game is
coming out on the 11th of February 2025
for everybody and there's also a little
additional um like deluxe edition that
you can get that comes a little earlier
on February 6th so again check down
below in the description to get this
game today and to learn more about all
the different packs and additions and um
what the release dates are so more info
for all you down below in the
description link Down Below in the
description and without further Ado
let's Jump Right In to Sid Meers
civilization seven let's
go well we're going to do a classic run
here today no better leader and no
better Nation for the Antiquity age than
Rome and the Romans here we have
Augustus of Rome and the Antiquity age
is where we'll be starting but in
Civilization 7 you'll be able to choose
one of three ages to begin it you could
either do in the Equity age the
exploration age or the Modern Age to
where when you start in the exploration
Modern Age you can get an advanced start
mode which allows you to play some of
your cities and towns beforehand as if
you'd been playing since the very
beginning so there's a little bit more
of a jump start there you don't have to
just start as a civilization that was
founded for example in like 1918 so I've
tried out this Advanced civilization
mode or the advanced start mode for
civilization really really good there
are some videos on the channel for that
one and I've liked what I've seen so far
for the exploration age of being being
able to build a major city a couple of
towns and then some starting units and
whatnot so it's a real quick way for
players if they're playing a multiplayer
within like about 10 minutes or so to
pick all their stuff and get started and
start taking those turns and it's really
nice that you can actually you know get
to the end of a game more frequently now
it's a probably a lot like Monopoly
where you've started a billion games of
Monopoly but not everybody has completed
games of Monopoly so if you really want
to get to World War II or whatnot or
really want to get to like the age of
sale and play as Isabella and play as
Spain or hell maybe even uh I don't know
the Mongolians or something whatever you
wanted to do uh yeah so you could just
basically start from there and go on to
the modern age or start right away in
the Modern Age too is some of those
unrevealed Nations so far but yeah very
cool that they've done it that way and I
really really think that is a very well
done method for sure so if we go into
confirm mode then there's many different
difficulties in the game with the
hardest being a deity difficulty
Immortal Sovereign vicroy governor and
then scribe down at the bottom we'll
just play as governor for now as we're
kind of still learning and then you can
adjust all the different game speed
modes which does uh speed up the game
progress and then your map type we have
continents plus continents archipelago
fractal Shuffle and Terra Incognito now
this is important because already at
this point we've already started to play
the game a lot of people will probably
rush to the gameplay in the middle and
determine that to be the game but
honestly uh there are choices you must
make that I haven't been able to show
you yet about your leader and some other
things that you can give them in advance
to make them more powerful or play
differently so already from the
beginning you're already thinking about
do you want to play as a military
Victory cultural science whatever it may
be here with Augustus I think we're
leaning more towards culture and
Military so that's probably what we're
going to focus on today and that goes
into our map tip too when we get into
the Age of Exploration Rome has a chance
to become many other different
civilizations through time and so that
kind of allows us to think about who
will we play as next more so than ever
you're thinking about not necessarily
your next turn but your next age so
let's play as an archipelago here to mix
things up and we'll also be playing as a
small Map size but there's also a
standard Map size which lets you play up
to eight players I think small as six
and tiny as four I do believe so from
there then you can go ahead and pick all
your options and even choose the
factions that will be playing against
you I'm going to randomize a lot of that
stuff so we'll just be playing against
random enemies in an archipelago as Rome
in the age of antiquity let's
go all right so I've manually chosen
some of our enemies here or I guess
possibly allies Harriet tubbin Isabella
confucious Katherine the Great and
Benjamin Franklin with Nations being
Miss sipian or cultures I should say
civilizations of Persia Han K and Greece
and we're playing as Rome as well so we
can of course delete and get rid of some
of these if we want to do a one-on-one
but we can play up to a maximum I
believe of six based on the map type and
here we are as Rome so you can see some
of our bonuses here for military and uh
some buildings that we have access to so
let's begin and right there right off
the start I love the beginning showing
us a beautiful like painting in the
background I hope to see more art in the
future the game actually that they
differentiate this and add more to it
because it's so beautiful but what's
cool here is that they're telling you
exactly what our goal is in Civilization
7 and the things that we'll do uh to
achieve those goals but more than ever
in Civ now it's more about not
necessarily winning uh the actual
endgame goal but also uh the chapters in
between the age of antiquity the Age of
Exploration and then eventually the
Modern Age too where you can really
Propel yourself forward and give
yourself a leg up based on like what
you're uh going to be doing in the next
age so obviously we're all going to be
entering the exploration age very soon
so it would be a wise idea for Rome to
build some very strong Naval settlements
to go explore you know the quote unquote
new world and do that as quickly as
possible so uh yeah we could immediately
start by moving our units around they're
nicely animated you got a donkey there
kicking his legs up and everybody
standing around it's cool and then of
course we have a beautiful Coastline of
all the games that I've started I I
always often do seem to start near water
and so I think what we'll do is we'll
just get started Where We Are the game
will eventually recommend spots for us
to settle when we start to build New
Towns which then are eventually upgraded
into cities so no longer are we building
cities anymore we have to first build a
town then upgrade it to a city we'll be
focusing on food production and science
for this run and uh production here and
by the way these pop-ups please feel
welcome to pause it anytime because this
is a tutorial that you can turn off that
should be helpful every single time that
you play but it basically breaks down
the overall game mechanics here and what
we'll be focusing on to make units uh to
make those units weapons or to be
mechanized or whatnot in any way and or
to uh you know like be able to unlock
new things and do research so it's not
just about one of those things it's all
of those things together so we're going
to go ahead and choose to produce some
Scouts here for Rome and yeah every time
that we do that we take a new turn you
can see information up here what do you
think of the UI by the way I've been
hearing a lot of feedback from everybody
on what they think about that and um
I've been asking the developers too on
things that they might think that
they'll change based on player feedback
and more than ever developers are very
interested in hearing what everyone else
has to say and make updates according to
that fix bugs and things like that so uh
every game has that this will be no
exception but it it is definitely uh
very apparent that the devs are
listening and really want to get all
that feedback to make this as fun as
possible now our goal here as I
mentioned before is to try to as best as
possible be a leader in culture military
science and economic but there's no way
you could do that for all of them so you
might want to just pick one and possibly
block your enemies from achieving theirs
for example if you're going military and
you have an enemy that's going science
it might be a good idea to hinder their
science by capturing some of their
cities or if you're going with I don't
know economic or something like that and
someone else is against you then you've
got to take advantage of those trade
opportunities as quickly as possible not
only is it about controlling borders but
sometimes about controlling markets and
resources and things like that so up
here we have our gold treasury our
accumulated influence our science
culture happiness and a quote unquote
hard cap of uh you know cities though it
can go past three it's a soft cap
actually and that's something that we
can uh you know build more than just
three cities or capture more in the
future so we have to keep everything up
right our food up our production up
everything must go up and we will do
exactly that so Rome has been founded
here a beautiful city right in the
middle of the map and you can see all
the buildings around it will also kind
of have a Roman architecture style to it
and as we change and go on to other
civilizations they will look different
as well so all the other cultures or
civilizations have their own look too
the Mississippian buildings look
different the um like the Mayan
buildings or whomever else we we're
playing as or perhaps eventually
becoming Spain they'll try to have a
more of a look of Spanish buildings or
possibly like more modern European style
or French buildings what whomever we're
playing as the art style will change so
it's really cool it's all automatic and
of course our districts will kind of
influence that
too time to scout well animated Scouts
too is's going to go towards the river
you can see a couple of doggos with them
and that's why I immediately lean into
uh going to explore so I can find out
what's around us and for technology I
always recommend to uh immediately start
sailing too so we can as we usually do
start on the water so it's a good idea
to take advantage of all the uh food and
resources that could be on the water you
know fish and things like that and then
also of course to be able to transport
troops as quickly as possible too if
needed if needed I we'll go ahead and do
a uh well we are a little bit more of a
warrior class too so let's go with that
we're going to start out as Warriors and
then maybe eventually do something else
but we got gold in them there hills look
at that wow and you can actually see
where we are too like in in our
landscape the map looks gorgeous it
really does and looks to be something
along the lines of a train layout which
I really like too you can see the fog of
War here looking a little bit like uh
actually different symbols of cultures
there I think and um yeah it's just
really well done the music is
outstanding the sound effects are very
very good uh the landscape like near the
shoreline looks beautiful too you can
see you know like some actual uh seaweed
down there flowing around as well as
fish swimming and the rivers are also
navigable too so that means that Rome
here has a chance to actually be able to
uh ship ships down river or up River too
there could be a big lake or something
up there as well so these are now areas
where the enemy either has to Cross or
can attack us too or we could launch
ships that way as well something to
consider you can also flood too there's
volcanoes in the game that could do
damage as well as thunderstorms and some
other things as well so what we're going
to focus on first is food and I think
the best thing to do for us would be to
expand closer to the Shoreline and will
expand out that way as well cuz we're
going to have a lot of troops and
they're going to be hungry now with our
Scouts we're also going to want to look
for some buildings where we can get some
bonuses and also to explore the
landscape to see where we're very
defendable although we have a river here
that comes down the middle we also have
some uh beautiful mountains that protect
us a bit and you could absolutely build
a capital or a city or something that's
really well defended by all of the
terrain and Landscape around well we've
got a discovery there okay so they want
us to go out there and find out what
this thing is is it's called a coastal
edifice and we're going to go out there
and find what that is in our next couple
of turns here and we're also going to
get our new Scout as soon as he is
Deployable which he is uh deployed out
and uh looking around the map so let's
go ahead and grab that Scout if we can
actually are we making I thought I did
two I usually like to do two I thought
we got one for free regardless though it
is a good idea to have military units
because if you're playing on a harder
difficulty independent nations will
really be ravenous they're very
dangerous there's essentially these um
city states out there little settlements
that may have their own armies and their
own uh Scouts and they'll go out and try
to find you and what you're up to so you
definitely want to keep an eye on them
and um keep an eye on them before it's
too late there we go an independent
Village look at the timing of that now
luckily for us uh Susa here is that uh
is that the guy who invented the tuba
anyway we can befriend these guys with
our influence which we're gaining 10
every turn and eventually we can make
these guys a very powerful Ally to where
we can recruit their soldiers to fight
for us or we might be able to uh destroy
them there's many options to either team
up with them or whatnot but this the
fact that they're actually kind of
friendly towards us where it says
relationship friendly is good for us so
they're not going to cause too much
trouble but on a harder difficulty oh
boy yeah everything uh this is kind of a
third party neutral so if you were
playing multiplayer even this is
controlled by the AI so there's still
something to consider when it comes to
that let's go ahead and Scout to their
South and we'll try to kind of loop
around our uh initial settlement here
and try to build a settler unit as
quickly as possible so we can go out
there and make some more towns we're
also going to expand towards the water
as I mentioned we will get a little bit
of gold by going out that way too so
we're gaining a little bit of gold each
time that we expand and build things out
there so let's go for that there we go a
little fishing boat out there and a nice
little looking Farm love the look of the
Farms can't wait to see more of the
modern buildings as well I haven't seen
everything from this game although I've
been playing it a lot but not as much as
I want to I'm kind of somewhere between
the lines of wanting to show you guys
every single thing that I do and then on
the other hand selfishly experiencing it
for myself I'm resisting that I'm trying
to show you everything that I've been
playing over on the channel for the last
um couple of weeks so it's been nice
that the developers have given us such
an early look but there's also still
some secrets that we'll be showing in
future videos too so don't forget I'll
be unveiling some neverbe seen uh you
know civilizations and also some neverbe
seen uh gameplay for the modern era and
whatnot so you'll be seeing that on the
channel very soon and we have ourselves
some uh deer here so we have hides and
then also Jade too so cool and elephants
apparently snow elephants and then iron
there
too wow foreign leaders hey we've made
our first uh discovery of another
leader we
Isabella of Persia I
believe yeah great voice acting in this
game too it's it's a curious thing to
see how they would have tried to get
some of the earlier languages ancient
languages and how they would get voice
actors for those um you know some
languages have been around for a long
time but the dialect changes over time
or words change and thing you know
accents and things change everything
changes so cool to see how they had to
go back to
[Music]
that all
right so I think what we could do here
is we have an option uh to spend some of
our points on either befriending and um
you know like becoming friends or
enemies with these folks right at to
get-go we could go neutral and spend
nothing or we could adjust it uh based
on you know like later decisions right
so we could be friend now and then we
could be an enemy later I think right
now we'll try to um we'll be friendly
with Isabella and then maybe we could
work together on some sort of a goal she
was rather nearby so that's good and
then this goes on to talk about uh
relationships both diplomatic and we can
also do sanctions too so we can denounce
uh we can also uh work on Endeavors like
I mentioned before scientific but also
here cultural exchange uh and then also
enact uh open borders and I think we do
things like trade and see our uh details
about them too so you can see what uh
her government type is or what her
bonuses are as a leader and also bonuses
for the Persian Empire so remember you
got your leader which is kind of
separate from your civilization and
that's kind of what makes things flow
regardless we're going to now be friends
with the
Susan um of the ilite people I guess I
guess they're the elamites but I'll just
call them Susa we'll just refer to them
as that we're going to work towards uh
really trying to be a good friend with
them and uh maybe use them for military
units too so then we'll have another uh
faction working on Military for us or
with us so
that'll oh that
music the music in this game is really
good based on whatever culture you
discover I think the music might
change and so we get to hear a lot of
different civilizations rather than our
old oh honestly I think Rome like
hearing a Roman theme all the time would
eventually get boring so as we go
through the ages and as we go through
different civilizations at least things
get mixed up that's
good add some flavor y'all is this guy
blocking
us that's what happens about these
mountain passes
I'm going to go back that way and see if
we can meet with our army Commander then
and keep everybody together in one unit
just in case we get into trouble which
will eventually happen we'll go back to
land here but we've discovered yet
another land mass to the
west but who knows how far that
goes man our Scouts are going to have
some trouble finding all these locations
also it looks like um yeah without the
deep water travel it's going to be
harder for us to scout out Harriet
Tubman down here who is
the I think the
leading player right now no might be us
although Persian has a four city limit
so that's
cool we're going to focus on
trade and
training
[Music]
production okay we're going to go East
there West there and we'll keep these
troops here so we can actually fortify
I'm just going to skip for now
fortifications are good in this game
especially if you're going to attack an
enemy they may attack you too so more
often than not when you get attacked or
when you attack you're probably going to
get attacked so invading somebody
probably means a war for you too so just
keep that in mind let's just say it was
um Mount Everest or something here uh
then we could if we built next to that
we'd get a bonus for something along
those lines I also noticed that there's
a um a little ruin over there so we'll
go to that in just a minute get these
guys linked up if we can
and we'll end our turn
then it's very chill you know there's a
lot of excitement to C but honestly when
you're playing like 400 turns uh there
there's so many different things that
you could be um kind of thinking about
while you
play you know you're thinking many moves
ahead while you're playing with friends
and how you want to crush them but also
you could be thinking about another game
that you're playing in Civ as well so
you could be thinking about ideas and
movements you know 8D chest
okay uh she wants
to denounce wait what does this
mean uh decrease your relationship with
the other leader oh she wants me to be
like mad at Harriet
tubbin or does that mean her not
sure will decrease by 60 over 10 turns
that's
horrible I don't yeah I don't I don't
know okay I I don't know why I should be
wanting to do that that's weird all
right well now we got our uh armies
packed together let's go over here and
see what else we found manuscripts have
been recovered from a collapsed archive
but the ravages of time have left their
secrets
un uh
intelligible study the
manuscript they spark new ideas okay
well that's good for us um
all right let's continue to the
Southwest now see what's down that
way and with our Scouts I'm not sure if
we could really explore much more to the
uh to the West
here and now I need to explore back this
way we got to check every little edge of
the map though to see if there's some
sort of a shallow passageway between
[Music]
locations crazy how there's all these
little Islands huh or pelo is a lot more
interesting to look at but I think um in
terms of if you're trying to build giant
cities and big militaries you're going
to want to do something that's maybe a
little more uh landlocked oh here's a
hostile
Nation hostile uh tribe there which
could be from the lower left corner so
we will immediately try to move in and
take that guy out if possible kind of
nice that you know at least that they're
hostile and can keep an eye out for them
with the minimal effort I mean they make
it pretty clear that that's somebody to
look look out
for let's keep going to the West oh but
we are finding lots of great resources
lots of dyes
fish and then even horses and camels out
on these islands
too ah here we go ooh ass salt deposit
there
okay now we're exploring Southeast and
Northwest on the map and we're moving
those military units wherever we can and
finally our first settlement unit is
ready after all that time
finally and I think we're just going to
shoot straight South with
them and even the game recommends that
we push to the South now this is
something I really like uh couple of
things that are very good for new
players here is that as I've been
clicking this in the lower right corner
uh this is basically telling us each and
every time before we go to end our turn
it's kind of going through a checklist
of you need to move this unit you need
to select new research you need to tell
a city to produce something or to train
a unit and uh that's really nice for new
players who might not know what they
should be doing this is a real good way
to make sure everything is kind of
accounted for and that you've made all
the moves that you need to but in
addition to that um you know labeling
areas of the map which might not be
great for resources uh kind of telling
up what area is good for settling a city
and showing you exactly maybe where you
should place that City too so anywhere
in the kind of we'll just call this the
green area is um is good but they're
really recommending that we build there
particularly and then of course red area
is not so good and yellow are okay but
um you know there might be a reason
where you might want to build a city
even in a red area to maybe block
another player or you got a plan or
something like
that oh okay we got a scout over
there let to see if we can attack them
soon going to attack all hostiles we are
oh there it was there we go okay so we
got a uh hostile tribe there that might
cause US problems and this game actually
has crises that happen at the end of an
era in the beginning of a next for an
age so like for example when we get
close to the end of this one we could
get invaded by like uh Vikings or
something like that tons of hostile
barbarians may show up on the map and so
everyone's going to have to work to
fight them and huge numbers of them that
have already been killed off can
instantly return so it's kind of a good
idea never to let your guard down in
this game could always be a problem if
you do do that oh and we got another
hostile tribe
there yeah always keep an eye on things
and always keep a military always work
on
protection all right now time to work on
Civics and other cultural
things uh but we are going to scout I'm
going to move South here looks like I I
don't see these hostile Villages or any
of the Hostile units really working on
the water very often they seem to stick
Inland so uh if you need to bypass them
go for the
water looks like us and uh Isabella are
kind of working the same plan here she's
also got a unit there Scout for the
Persian Empire working its way to the
West we're about ready to build our
first new City Y that unit's still
moving uh let's continue to go south
with our
boat uh oh our army is
surrounded man they really moved around
us quickly all right we've got hostiles
y'all time to
fight let's see if we can maybe take
these guys out I think we're forced to
stay put for
now I don't want to fortify I think
that'll take too many turns we could
eventually get a kill and then invest in
that though let's stay
put they're likely going to attack
[Music]
oh they did not Delight to attack and to
display their Valor and fty should be
formed in
companies we're not able to attack that
Nation
yet maybe they have to attack us
first ah confucious
um we'll give her a friendly
greeting we now have the points for it I
do want to befriend that other uh
neutral tribe too but uh we'll work on
that a little bit later we'll kind of
invest in one for now and look at this
they're they're protected by the
mountains too so we got to move across
that
River all right organized military is
our next Civic research so we'll go for
that and they're Scouting For Us aren't
they
City it looks cool I very much cannot
like avoid building a city somewhere
where it's cool with like beautiful uh
mountains and waterfalls and things like
that I have to do
it if a place is pretty we need
it okay uh saw pit as well military
advisor really where where do we have
trees
bro uh let's just focus on increasing
the town growth
absolute Banger music the music is
really really good I've games lately
have just been having amazing
soundtracks a lot of effort put towards
uh trying to keep uh traditional
instruments and sometimes traditional
songs but then just modernizing things
and not not making it sound modern but
making it sound updated like closer
to I don't know there's a great deal of
respect not necessarily in trying to
perfectly Preserve but to bring it uh to
bring new life into it but not to change
it you know really
nice picking that will give us a pasture
picking this will give us a
farm going goe and do another Farm there
since we do have that granery there so
that'll give us a bonus we should do
that that was our plan
originally but plans also do
change lots of minerals down here too
more wine
[Music]
looks like a scout up there by the
uh iron
mine I think it was a good idea we
bought that military
unit okay so we're about ready to attack
there and we'll keep our Scouts going
west uhoh another hostile tribe now
there's still two more factions out
there for us to discover wow look at the
amount oh kerma is a problem o
all right we're we're going to take this
tribe out and then we're going right up
there look at all these hostile unit
everywhere everywhere there's these
units uh we need to
uh let's see promote growth bolster
military create a military unit for the
city state and last for three
turns uh
no I do want to build up our uh
relationship though city state
incorporate
as a new town for diplomatic action wow
okay so we could take these guys and
also turn them into a new settlement for
ourselves so that is another way to
surpass that soft cap on
cities uh hi Harriet Tubman uh what do
you what would you like to do plus three
per turn in cities for both
leaders uh boy 60 is a lot I'm just
going to go with accept but other things
a little too spendy I'm going to try to
go for the relationship between us and
other cities let's go out into the
water uh yeah these guys should probably
fortify I wonder we can osta has like
its own kind of defensive value to it
because it's like something they can
attack instead of attacking the military
unit and I wonder if fortifying that
will protect the unit and the city
itself I don't know if I want a
settlement so far away in retrospect now
there's a lot of good re resources
there but it's kind of like a lot of
nothing going on there it looked good
but I think we'll make another choice
and we'll go maybe to the
uh oh
boy a lot of no good areas huh well
maybe I'll settle down
here close to where this tribe is and
we'll have to go through that other
hostile tribe too
we got two hostile tribes to work
through enemy sneaking up behind
us Bean launching another attack okay so
we're basically going to work on taking
out this settlement and then working on
this settlement all the armies around it
and then also continue to make military
units wow look at all the guys trying to
attack our
city those Slingers are doing a good job
though they can stay inside that City
and keep
shooting nowhere to display codex what
I'll worry about that
later excellent so I really like Rome I
think if we're going to play as other
military focused un uh nations in the
future Rome is a really good one to
start with as well as maybe Greece and
Egypt where they might not have as much
of a focus on military's Rome but
they're still very uh good for kind of
leaning towards military but having
other bonuses too like Rome does have
that plus
culture and that could be a good
thing to Branch
out all right unit finally
destroyed and those guys are holding
on uh let's see open borders sure
period for now
mhm ah no we have our promotion yes uh
so promotion for our military leader
right I hadn't yet done that units can
move after on packing from this
Commander plus one gold for each unit
packed in well since uh the Romans are
certainly going to have a unit that's
packed
in I think we're going to go with that
one I'm going to go with quartermaster I
like that one I've used it before and so
when you have units packed together it's
going to give you money which in turn
kind of helps you to pay for more units
you know like for now plus4 gold or
maybe eventually plus eight gold when we
have two armies which would be ideal is
a lot of extra gold to come in just for
like recruiting and and getting military
units where they need to
go those guys want our city they're not
going to get it they're all over though
look at look at where these guys are
there
everywhere we're going to need to get
the this uh unit out of here though they
could attack it it's actually uh on the
ocean now on the
river the naval
unit we'll go that way and actually try
to settle over here
first honestly not a lot of great spots
to settle but it's usually better
opportunities than this I think we got
uh shaking down a bit on the on the
start but we're good
bearman are going to have to heal up
too now the
legion can stay there for
now and we can switch the Spearman out
with the Warriors since they're getting
a little
tired we have the Warriors coming
they're not in great shape either the
Warriors
are definitely taking a beating these
guy these Warrior cultures are really
powerful these guys
uh all right confucious I'll take that
for 60 extra
food very good stuff oh what is who who
is that someone pulling up quick to see
us oh it's it's looking rough for Rome
we've got um enemy military around us
but also friendly military around us too
it's a feast or famine when it comes to
survival here but uh where would we go
next I think where where should we go
for the exploration age I certainly
would like to uh explore options for a
more militaristic society that would
open up in the exploration age and then
towards the end too we have to find out
which cultures really have something
similar to Rome start so we can really
take advantage of where we've started so
far and so far so good good playthrough
it's good first look don't you
think that's how it goes thank you
everybody for watching today's sponsored
video again thanks to 2K and for axis
for sponsoring today's video thanks to
all of you for watching I hope you
enjoyed our tips and tricks but there's
much more to learn and much more to show
so let me know what you want to know
down below hope to see you all next time
and thank you very much for watching