civilization 7 has just released and
there's quite a bit under the hood that
is still left to be explored in this
video I'm going to give you eight tips
for civilization 7 that other people
will not tell you in Civ 7 when a world
wonder is completed you'll receive a
notification on the right hand side of
your screen the problem is that there's
no way to track this so unless you've
been writing them down it's going to be
difficult to remember throughout the
course of a game which world wonders
have been built and which ones haven't
here's our first tip if you open up the
city screen hit view hidden and scroll
all the way down to where the Wonders
are you'll see that there are a whole
bunch of Wonders that are available to
build every single one of these wonders
is available to build right now in this
city with these specific tiles we could
fit monx Mound we could fit Oracle
somewhere in this city and the
interesting thing about this tab is it
only shows you what you can build right
now all of these Technologies even
though we don't have them we would still
be able to fit these somewhere in this
city I'll show you an example we don't
see the pyramid in here right now
between pyramid of the Sun and San sta
there is nothing however when we acquire
the tile that we need for the pyramids
which is this one here a desert tile
adjacent to a navigable river you'll
take a look inside the Wonder listing
and all the way at the bottom the
pyramids is now available so not only
does this show which world wonders are
available to build but whether or not
you've got somewhere to place them in
Civ 7 there is no roll button that means
that when you spawn in as Isabella and
there's no natural wonder you got to do
it the hard way you have to go back to
the main menu you have to quit and you
have to put all of those details back in
that you started the game with however
here's a little tip for you let's just
do this once we'll grab our momentos
we'll grab all the things that we like
we'll pick our Antiquity age we'll pick
our civilization our difficulty our
speed our Map size and then what we're
going to do is hit the save config
button now what this is going to do is
save this configuration so that even if
I was to come back in and not even pick
a leader just leave this as a random
leader as long as I load that
configuration it's always going to bring
me back in as Isabella with those
momentos and give me the exact same
thing that I've saved now there's one
problem with this and that problem is
that it will always give you the same
map so here's a little way around it now
it's a different map this time because
we saved the map seed from the previous
one and we've got a beautiful world one
or natural wonder right here but let me
just show you the way that you get
around it so the problem is when you
load uh a configuration it's going to
load the um the map seed so you can see
this is our new map seed right here so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
copy this map seed I'm going to load the
configuration I'm going to hit that
button it's reverted back to our
previous map seed and then I'm just
going to drop the map seed in right
there and now we'll have Isabella with
all of our momentos with the new map and
we've got it's essentially a roll
function with a couple of extra clicks
I've seen a couple of high-profile
reviews of civ7 that have said that
there's no next action button that's a
button that you can just simply press to
go to your next action whether that be
perhaps opening up your technology or
opening your next production or perhaps
even going to your next unit but the
truth is there is actually this button
they've just mislabeled it it's not
actually listed as a next action button
so if you go into the options come to
keyboard and mouse go to configure and
the next turn button what I've got it
sitting on at the moment is mouse 6 the
same button that I use to go back and
forward on web pages and I'd recommend
you do the same that way you can put
your feet up and just slowly go to your
next action wherever it may be all with
one hand the next tip is about influence
and not spending it I know it seems
counterintuitive because you've got
these research collaborations or
cultural agreements that you want to get
out there and you want to start bringing
in those resources but influence is a
much more important resource because you
use it to nurture relationships and if
you don't have it when somebody offers
you something there is a risk that
things can get bad one of the key
components to any agreement is going to
be supporting it and when you do that
there's going to be a more powerful Bond
that's built between you and the other
leader it means that your relationship
will grow more quickly than if you were
to Simply accept their agreement rather
than support it by doing this by
supporting the agreement your
relationship improves faster and it
reduces the risk that they go to war
with you if you want to go to war that's
absolutely fine but ideally I'd like to
be the one calling the shots so it
doesn't mean not spending your influence
at all it just means holding off on
spending that influence very early
waiting until you've met all of the
leaders introduced yourself to to them
kindly and at that point you can start
to send out your agreements you're not
actually limited by how many agreements
you can accept from the other leaders
but you are limited with how many you
can send out so the suggestion that I
put forward is that you avoid sending
out your own agreements until your
confident you've got enough influence in
the bank so that if you're offered
anything you're going to be able to
support it a huge component of civ7 is
being able to unlock the unique momentos
and upgrades that are available to each
leader and one of the best ways that you
can level Your Leader is by completing
Legacy paths So the faster you can
complete Legacy paths and the more often
you can complete all of them then the
sooner you'll be able to level up your
leader in this game we're at turn 75
with 100% Legacy completion or age
progress we've done every single Legacy
path all four of them and we finished
the game at turn 75 we've done this
because the speed is listed as online
now in the games that you play it
doesn't really matter what speed you
play on the main thing that you need to
change is in the settings there is a
very specific setting that changes the
length of the age every time you
progress towards a legacy path it is
going to push that percentage up and by
putting long rather than standard it's
going to mean that as you get closer to
that Legacy path being completed that
the percentage won't be kicked over as
high each time you get closer this
allows you to more frequently pick up
these unlocks so if we take here a look
at uh we'll have a look at aler we'll go
Harriet Tubman you can see that she's
got a whole bunch of challenges that
need to be completed and if you can
complete these all at the same time it's
going to save you time and at the same
time it's going to be very efficient for
you gaining experience towards her
unlocks just to take a look at some of
them we go have a look at Harriet you
can see that she's got a guiding line at
level two or at level five she's got
Satchel or at level 9 she's got sidearm
this is an incredibly powerful momento
and the sooner that you can unlock it
the sooner you can take it into battle
of course this applies to absolutely any
leader and it's exactly how I've got
Isabella to level 5 we still need to get
her to level 9 though because there is
something very very special we want to
get with this tip we'll be looking to
maximize the efficiency that we can get
out of a specialized town when you
specialize a town There's a number of
different bonus that you can choose from
and making sure you've got as many
citizens that are doing the relevant job
can give you a much larger bonus than if
you've got citizens that aren't doing a
job that is conducive to that bonus so
we'll use migrants to simulate the
growth of a town that you would
experience normally you wouldn't have
these migrants to help your town grow
but we're very fortunate in that we're
playing the Kamai and they like to grow
very big uh so we've grown from to the K
the cin the kin uh and then out to the
cotton and I think we might grow down
towards these pearls as well cuz they
give a nice little happiness bonus and
we might take the dies as well so if we
were to do some maths right here we can
take a look at the two options we've got
farming town and mining town camps wood
cutters clay pits mines and quaries
versus Farms pastures plantations and
fishing boats and we'll see there's one
2 three that we've currently got for the
food for the food bonus and one two
three for the production bonus so what
we can do is utilize the buildings
available inside the town itself and
push these citizens out of tiles that we
had to work previously to get access to
the resources so we wouldn't have been
able to get this cotton without this
connector tile but what we can now do is
we can kick that V or that that citizen
out so we're going to just go drop down
a brick works right here now keep in
mind we are playing as the Kamai they
get bonuses to the river so you'll see
some crazy good yields in here that
we're not going to take and that's very
specific so uh look don't worry about
that that that's just purely because of
the civilization that we're playing here
the the point is specifically about
kicking the citizen out that citizen now
has to relocate and because of that
that's one less citizen that is being
wasted on this tile and one more citizen
that could be working a farm like this
farm that we've just got right now but
on top of that we've also got another
citizen that's working this wood cutter
we're not going to get this one out of
the Quarry because it's a resource and
you're never going to be able to kick
them out there you can't settle on it
you can't kick them out but what you can
do is then grow a couple more uh a
couple more buildings down to here and
as long as they're connected like this
that will then kick this citizen out and
then you can go grab another resour
source and with that you'll be able to
take 1 2 3 4 five citizens compared to
the three that you had before and that's
going to give you a bonus of five food
compared to the three food that you
would have had before so the next tip is
to be building more settlements always
be building more settlements every time
you add a settlement it's going to be
increasing everything that you're doing
in the game it is only a net positive as
long as there's a couple of things you
got to watch out for number one you
don't go above the settlement limit
within reason now you can go above it as
long as it's for a short time or as long
as you've got a happiness base enough to
support it the other thing to note is
that it might anger some people so you
can see he's already settled a little
bit too close to somebody uh but when we
put this down that's just going to make
that even worse it's now up to 40 and
then with each subsequent settle that is
going to make that even worse so do keep
that in mind when you're forward
settling but just remember that each one
of these settles is going to be
contributing resources to our kitty
there's genuinely no down side to having
these from a resource perspective look
just it goes up by three each one of
these has got a citizen inside we can
get that citizen to to go to work so we
might take this tile right here and
that's given us two gold we' we can take
this tile right here which is going to
give us another three gold and we can
take this tile right here which will
give us another one gold we've gotten a
huge amount of gold income each one of
these cities is going to continue to
grow in addition to that they're also
going to be eventually supporting out
connected cities with additional food it
is there is no downside to this
whatsoever now there's a couple of texts
that you'll need to look out for in the
early game that are going to be
instrumental to how many settlements
that you can have you start off with
three that goes up to four after you've
got irrigation once you've got the
irrigation technology though you'll need
to look towards the Civic tree because
the Civic Tre is actually got two it's
got one in entertainment it's also got
one in organized military in addition to
that that will take you up to six a a
settlement limit of six but in addition
to that there is also sometimes in the
specific uh Civics so that is for us
we're playing as the Mayans here uh
we've got one down here plus one
settlement limit so that will take us up
to 7 now there are other ways that you
can increase the settlement limit uh I
think there might even be more increases
to the settlement limit further on here
like quite down and advance in these
Tech trees but those are the primary
ways that you're going to be looking to
lift it and that's early on in the game
you can have up to seven settlements and
you want to make sure that at every
single opportunity that you are building
those one of the things I like to do is
I like to BU of them so that if I've got
irrigation Tech that's about to complete
I make sure I've got that fourth settler
that is about to come out ready to go
that way the moment I hit that fourth
settlement limit I'm able to get that
fourth settlement down our final tip is
with regard to movement when you move on
to specific terrain or goody Huts your
turn will end that means it doesn't
matter if you've got one point of
movement or two points of movement your
turn will end now this can work in
circumstances like this where we are
going to hit this goody Hut without last
point of movement and that's absolutely
fine or over here as an example we'll be
moving out over towards this goody Hut
and you can see that it'll be one point
of movement in and then a second one
through the water and then onto this
goody Hut however in this turn right
here with this scout we're going to be
at a bit of an odd point because we'll
have our movement in onto this tile and
then we'll have one point left and we'll
be wasting that point so what we can do
is actually get free searches in so
we'll take our Scout instead of going
all the way through we'll just come in
on one tile leave a two tile Gap in
between us and then hit the search
button that way we get a free search in
and next turn we still get to get the
goody Hut on the exact same turn that
way we've got a free search and we know
exactly where we need to go for next
turn this has been our eight tips for
civilization 7 if you think that we
missed any obvious ones then we've done
our job if you've got any feedback
negative or positive then make sure you
Chuck it down in the comments if you've
enjoyed the video then please feel free
to leave a like and of course if you're
looking forward to more civ7 content
then make sure you hit that subscribe
button because there is always time for
one more turn