after eight long years civilization is
finally back c 7 marks a major turning
point for the franchise as the
developers at forex's games have made a
variety of changes to the classic
formula that we all know and loved
fortunately I had a little bit of Early
Access to CIF 7 and I've already
shamelessly poured over 100 hours into
the game so in the spirit of the
franchise I'm here to pass my wealth of
knowledge on to you to make sure you
don't make the same mistakes that I did
and trust me you're going to make a lot
of mistakes but that's okay because
that's what Civ was built on so with
without further Ado I'm Joy with ESP
sports. and let's get into 10 beginner
tips so you can start off on the right
foot in
civ7 now I don't want to take away too
much of your time from Civ 7 so I'll run
through these tips fairly quickly but
still offer up enough details so you end
this video with more knowledge than you
came in with to start things off my
first tip is to produce multiple Scouts
to completely uncover the initial map as
quickly as possible Scouts are the first
thing you can produce when you establish
a capital they don't take too many turns
to make and they're used solely for
covering tiles of the map around you to
make the most out of the scouts
abilities make two or three of them and
send them in different directions this
way you can control them every turn and
see exactly what your map has to offer
every map in sift 7 is randomized so
it's crucial to understand what your map
looks like what resources are nearby and
where you might want to start looking to
set on New Towns the second tip I have
for you is to turn on in-game tutorials
and thoroughly read through the Civ 7
encyclopedia while it might seem like
homework instead of a video game there
are so many systems that play in c 7
that not knowing even one mechanic can
mess you up for hours with tutorials
enabled you'll get brief popups every
time you encounter a new mechanic
however you can also view more of those
tutorials by reading the encyclopedia
which you can bring up through the
gamees menu this gives you much more
information about everything going on in
si 7 my third tip is to not get too
caught up in the advisor recommendations
at the start of civ7 you'll get the
choice to pick a special type of advisor
your options are economic military
scientific and cultural once you pick an
adviser you can read research
Technologies and Civics and produce
units and items that are specifically
recommended by your adviser however you
don't have to nor do you want to just
choose things because your adviser
recommends them pick whatever you think
is the best option at the time and use
your advisor's recommendations if you
don't know what to pick for example
let's say the cultural adviser
recommends that you research the
mysticism Civic however at the same time
you want to unlock the Army Commander
through the discipline Civic you can
always come back to the cultural
advisor's recommendation but if you want
the Army Commander first go with your
guut
the fourth beginner tip for Civ 7 is to
always start off on the right foot with
other world leaders while you can greet
Leaders with hostility in your second or
third playthrough you'll usually want to
make your first playthrough as simple as
possible so you can fully understand all
the mechanics in c 7 by greeting leaders
peacefully the first time you meet them
you can access their borders freely
establish more trade routes and gain
other resources like influence and gold
now later on if you want to get hostile
with a leader that's definitely okay and
even encouraged especially if you're
eyeing one of their cities but for the
start just begin things on the right
foot my fifth tip revolves around
expansion specifically it's in your best
interest to start expanding your Empire
as quickly as possible the simplest way
to do this at the start of civ7 is to
produce a settler which might be called
something different depending on what
civilization you choose the settler can
travel to any spot on the map you've
explored so far and set up a settlement
my advice is to create multiple settlers
and start colonizing the majority of
your continent while other leaders will
have settlements on the continent if you
dominate the majority of its lands you
control everything that happens on it
down the line this makes it easier to go
to war with another leader take over
their settlements on your land and
completely colonize an entire continent
when you're picking the location for a
new settlement try to choose spots that
have an abundance of resource tiles
nearby this will vastly improve your
gold production later on and keep your
happiness level stable across the board
and hey speaking of Happiness you'll be
happy to hear about our sponsor for
today's video uh just kidding we have no
sponsor uh but hey maybe subscribe it
does help out the sixth tip I have for
you is to never stop producing military
units whether you're making basic
infantry units commanders or Naval units
you always want to have some kind of
combat production happening in your
civilization the more settlements you
have the easier it is produce multiple
units at the same time speaking of
settlements you want to have at least
one or two military units at every
settlement under your control ideally
having an army Commander with a full
force of troops at every settlement
should be your end goal but at the start
of Si 7 just try to have every
settlement protected in some way by
doing this you Shore up defenses for
whenever conflict with an enemy comes
around if your settlement is on the
coast or connected to a river having a
naval unit in addition to land units is
recommended so you can deal with
anything the enemy throws at you the
seventh tip I have up my sleeve is to
leave towns as towns for as long as
possible when you settle the new
location it will start out as a basic
Town however you have the chance to
convert it into a city soon after it's
established compared to cities towns are
smaller and can't produce items or units
with turns they can only use gold while
this sounds bad towns can immediately
produce things things instead of having
to wait multiple turns for them you can
also specialize towns to increase their
yield on certain resources which
strengthens your Capital even though you
might want to immediately convert towns
into cities it's best to let them grow
produce everything you want out of them
and then make them into a city after
that my eighth tip is to utilize a new
mechanic in Civ 7 called the Espionage
actions these are special actions you
can take against other leaders you've
met on the map as you progress in the
game you unlock more actions and some
leaders you can pick will have Perks
that grant them access to Unique actions
however the first couple of Espionage
actions are really all you need these
allow you to steal technology and
government styles from other leaders
which can be hugely profitable if
they're done repeatedly there's a chance
you get caught from these actions but I
was only ever caught once and it just
made the leader unhappy with me so it
was a fair trade the actions also cost a
good bit of influence but they're
definitely worth it don't worry we're
almost done as the ninth beginner tip I
have for you is to not worry about the
water during their first Antiquity age
as you uncover more your starting map
with Scouts you'll eventually find water
tiles that you can't go into
while I know it's tempting to want to go
into the water and Rec cover more tiles
don't even sweat them right now you
won't be able to go into the open ocean
tiles until the exploration age which
follows the Antiquity age for the first
age just worry about uncovering every
land tile you can and then make your
Scouts rest until the next age from
there you can cross into the ocean tiles
and even produce actual naval ships to
make it easier to round things out the
10th and final beginner tip for sift 7
is to make sure you're keeping up with
your legacy path at the start of every
age you get to pick your advisor and
that will determine what Legacy path
you're set on you can think of your
legacy path as the main quest in Civ 7
as it directly affects the different
objectives across all four legacies in
every age the more Legacy path
objectives you complete the more
progress you'll make on your chosen path
at the end of every age your progress is
compared to that of other leaders on the
map so naturally you want to try and
beat them at everything you can even
though Harriet Tubman is wielding a hand
Cannon don't let her Advance farther
than you on the military Legacy path and
that goes double for Napoleon as that
tried to take over the world from the
second I met
eventually though using the tips I just
laid out I was able to snatch some towns
from the tiny and mighty Frenchmen and
that does it for my 10 beginner tips on
Civ 7 hope you found least one of them
helpful in some way no matter how many
years you've been playing Civ more
gaming videos stay tuned right here at e
sports.