let us build a nation together so that
we may know how nations are built the
new civilization game is here and
whether you're a Civ veteran or totally
new to Forex games there are plenty of
new systems to learn in Civ 7 leading a
nation to Victory Is No Easy Task and a
Civ game isn't exactly quick so make
sure to avoid these crucial
pitfalls at the very start of the game
once you've got your first settlement
you'll want to start exploring the area
and discover any nearby wonders and map
features like Discovery
tiles to help you find these tiles
Scouts have a new ability that
temporarily grants them extra vision and
reveals any Discovery Tiles at Double
the distance
you'll want to find out where rival cves
are on the map and start claiming
territory as soon as your Capital
reaches five population and you can
train a settler keep an eye on the
settlement cap on the banner at the top
of the screen you don't want to go over
this cap as you'll get Hefty happiness
penalties on your settlements that will
restrict their growth and slows down
getting policy unlocks from celebrations
you can increase the settlement cap via
certain Civic and Tech Tre unlocks and
via leader
attributes when found in a new
settlement you're looking for spots next
to plenty of resources settlements can
expand to cover up three tiles away from
the city center so make sure you can
cover as many as possible resources
either apply a flat effect to your
entire civilization or can be assigned
to individual settlements it doesn't
matter if you have duplicate resources
as their bonuses or
stack access to the ocean is vital for
settling distant lands in the
exploration age if you're playing on a
continent map see if you can secure
access to the Sea via both the East and
West coasts whenever possible this is
especially vital for the economics
Legacy path where you have to set up
settlements on distant lands to import
special resources like cocoa sugar tea
and spices even if you're not going the
economic route if you grab them you can
make sure other cives can't claim them
for
themselves if you've got enemies on your
borders hover over them to see which
Village they belong to if you haven't
found them already your next goal will
be to discover their camp on the map
once you've located them you have a few
options the first option is to use
influence to befriend them this takes
quite a few turns during which time
their units will still be hostile but
when it's done they will be friendly and
unless another Civ destroys or befriends
them first you'll become their suarin
and can choose from a list of useful
bonuses to obtain from them you can even
eventually incorporate them into your
Empire and take over them if you have
enough influence it's absolutely worth
befriending every independent people you
encounter to secure their bonuses even
if they're not hostile your next option
is to March your armies over to them and
wipe them out with military strength you
can disperse an independent people by
stationing one of your units on their
settlement tile and click in disperse
this grants a onetime flat reward based
on the settlement type if you're not in
any immediate danger it's a great idea
to take some units and a commander over
and let the commander gain XP and
promotion while your armies battle it
out it's a huge waste to engage in any
combat without a nearby Commander get an
XP and level it up from it avoid this
whenever possible they can occupy the
same tiles as your soldiers and you can
move them around during your turn to
make sure they're affecting the units
you're attacking with when the age
progresses you lose any units that can't
stack into a commander so train extra to
keep your Army Strong if you train up a
unit in a settlement far from the front
lines you can send them to reinforce a
commander during which time they'll
disappear from the map if the commander
dies in the meantime though the
reinforcement will fail and they will
reappear where they were
originally when you're fighting don't
miss the additional options you get by
expanding the unit's action bar by
clicking the arrow on the left hand side
this is where you can upgrade and heal
your units one particularly painful
mistake is easy to make while you're
fighting learned units have a severe
strength penalty while they're embarked
making them really weak to enemy attack
attacks this has always been the case in
Civ games but now the map has navigable
river tiles and your units will Embark
if they end up there so make sure to
avoid your units becoming vulnerable in
a bad spot the flip side of this is that
you can bring your ships further in land
to help attack or defend
territories look out for damaged
District tiles in your settlements these
might be the result of a natural
disaster like a flood or a storm an
enemy pillaging you or your own people
getting a bit grumpy there appears to be
an option to compare them with
production but this didn't work great
for us it seems much faster and more
efficient to fix them using gold since
it's relatively cheap and you can repair
lots of damage in one go if you've got
loads of money in your bank consider
purchasing units or buildings like this
purchasing buildings is the only way you
can add them to towns this is definitely
worth doing to help them expand
quicker it's important to pay attention
to where you're plac in your buildings
especially if your Civ has a unique
District type that is formed by plac in
two unique buildings in the same
district if you build one in the wrong
spot there's nothing you can do and
unless you've already unlocked the
Civics that let you construct both
buildings you won't even get a warning
if you're about to lock yourself
out using influence can lead to Great
benefits boosts or sub auge but I
recommend you keep some saved up in case
you need to spend it to block someone
trying to denounce you or convert an
independent
fast you can keep an eye on everyone's
progress by hovering over your portrait
in the top right corner which will show
vital stats for every rival you've met
so far including their yields per turn
and number of settlements you need to
build a merchant to set up a trade route
and send them over to a settlement in
range before you can set up a trade you
can have one trade route to each
Civilization by default and spend
influence to add more ideally you should
try and have a trade route with every
friendly settlement in range you can
track the current AG's progress on the
trophy in the top left corner when the
age reaches 7 % completion this triggers
a universal crisis event there are a few
different crisis you can get from
plagues to revolts and if you get
unlucky they can seriously hamper your
plans ages don't progress at the same
rate they start off slow and start to
speed up as the cves in game complete
Legacy path Milestones that means
falling behind can be really bad and
speeding ahead in one area might not
give you enough time to complete
something else you're going for the
Golden Age rewards at the end of each
Legacy track are by far the most
valuable that can be pretty hard to
achieve if you find yourself falling
behind other cves in the Antiquity and
exploration eras all is not lost but you
might need to resort to some more
violent means of catching
up even if you're not going for a
military Legacy path you might sometimes
want to start trouble with rival Nations
pay attention to your relationships and
try to avoid fighting everyone at once
but if you notice a powerful enemy
starting to get ahead of the pack
consider taking a well-placed city for
yourself or even eliminating them from
the game if you're strong enough one
less rival to compete
[Music]
with for even more from Civ 7 make sure
to check out the latest trailer and for
everything civilization and more stick
with IGN
[Music]