[Music]
path and the foothold of the
people because my eyes are of metal what
do you have played the previous
civilization game 9 years ago when it
launched or got the free version of the
game on Epic store you probably need the
refresher like I did about all the
mechanics of the game hello everyone
this is the noob and I'm going to be
talking about some of the things that I
wish I knew before I started playing
civilization 7 again it's going to be
some tips that are not going to be
civilization specific or leader specific
just general tips that you need to know
about the game and like it is with every
4X strategy game the beginning and the
build of the beginning is the most
important thing probably for a smooth
game the higher the difficulty level the
Lesser margin of error you have so you
really need to do these things almost
every game you start
playing as soon as you start the game
what you want to do first is click on
this little spying glass icon above the
mini map in the bottom left corner
that's going to open up the options of
the display of the map of the Games map
you want to click on the yields field
first because the game is going to spawn
you with just one sell you're going to
make your first city and you want to
make that first city created on the best
spot possible with the most resources
and the best yield available clicking
the spy glass icon and clicking on the
yields checkbox
is going to show those yields and then
you can move your seller around but
don't move it too much one or two tops
three moves is all you can spare to find
the perfect spot to make your first city
another thing I want to recommend here
is that you click on the settler lens
the settler lens is going to show you
other good spots for a settlement and
which Tils have freshw access which is
essential next tip is that you don't
want to build your first settlement next
to a volcano or near a river with lots
of floods because you're going to be
repairing damage to your tiles all the
time for Next Step as I've said before
the first few moves are really essential
for a good start especially on higher
difficulty levels so we're going to
discuss what you need to build first the
first thing you need to build after you
create a settlement is a scout you want
to take that little guy and move him
around and find extra resources or
better settlement spots
next thing you're going to be building
is The Granary and then you can pick a
military unit or another Scout depending
on the size of the map you're playing on
and how close to you are the Barbarian
spawns very soon after that maybe even
the mediately after that you want to
build another settler and build a second
Town that's going to help with your
economics a lot and research also
getting a good position early on is
really nice and stifles your competition
there are various variations on these
strategies and advanced strategies that
include buying various units with gold
but this is more important for higher
difficulty levels and I'm not going to
be going into that I mentioned Scout is
the first unit that you need to build
and it's a very important thing to know
that in new civilization 7 there's a new
search action that the Scout has that's
going to reveal all the hidden Little
Treasure tiles and enemy cities and
settlements even f r from his viewing
range so what you want to do is move
your scout only one tile and then press
the surge button and move the Scout to
collect any Treasures unfortunately
unlike in Civilization 6 there's no Auto
scouting option for the Scout and I
really hope they're going to patch this
in real soon just like in Civilization 6
you can do scientific research but also
there's Civics and Civic researches that
you can do the first
an immediate Civic that you want to
research is
mysticism this is because this grants
you access to pantheons pantheons are
Buffs that are related to your altar
building in the Antiquity
age and these Grant really good Buffs
early on the problem with them is that
if another civilization researches
mysticism before you they're going to
grab the best Pantheon Buffs and you're
going to be left with scraps so the
sooner you get to the pantheon and
research the mysticism Civic the better
Pantheon Buffs are going to be available
to you I like playing with the pantheon
gives you 10% growth buff to your cities
also there are some uh production Buffs
in the pantheons as well and then if
you're really late you're going to be
picking from Puffs that are not going to
be that beneficial to you picking the
buff is going to be based on your play
Style and what you want to achieve in
the game
for my last tip I want to talk about a
new command that Commander military
units have which is focused fire for
both ranged and melee units so using
these will increase your combat strength
of the units that are doing the attack
it's applicable to units that are in the
Commander's range and it's a cool new
feature you shouldn't be attacking
anything without using this command of
the commander
unit so there you go the these are some
of the tips to make your civilization 7
game start smoother and easier going
forward and making sure that Antiquity
age is not going to be a pain to
summarize you want to turn on the yield
button you want to make your first
settlement on the best style that you
can you want to build a scout first then
a granary then a military unit or
another Scout and then a settler as soon
as possible to get your second town
going
afterwards you want to use the search
ability on the scouts to discover other
towns other civilizations and Little
Treasures and then research mysticism as
your first Civic so you can pick a
Pantheon that's going to be very
beneficial to you I hope these tips
helped you that they're make for a
smoother civilization 7
experience and uh if it did please
consider leaving a like subscribing to
the channel and this is the new signing
out
[Music]