Hello everybody welcome my name is ur of
Ryan and today I am very excited to say
that I have been gifted a copy of
civilization 7 which I am excited to
share with you I have already racked up
quite a bit of gameplay so today I
wanted to show you a bunch of things
within the Antiquity age that took me as
quite a competent civilization player a
little bit of time to understand no
matter which copy of civilization is
your favorite be it four five or six
civilization 7 has has a lot of new
mechanics that you will have to try and
get your head around with this knowledge
hopefully you'll be able to hit the
ground running and not fall into any of
the really obvious pitfalls that I did I
would wholeheartedly recommend you watch
this video before starting your own game
so don't flail around your limbs like an
octopus with all of the new game
Dynamics no let me take you through
let's get right to it civilization 7 is
quite a steep learning curve in your
first game you may be tempted to set the
game up using some wacky leader and
civilization com or some very strange
map type I would recommend in your first
game start an Antiquity age and play
Augustus with Rome they are a very
neutral pairing that doesn't change your
understanding of the game fundamentally
there's no point learning on somebody
that plays really strangely it may also
be very tempting especially if you are a
little bit of a civilization nerd to
pump the difficulty up to deity I would
recommend in your first game stick with
Governor my impressions of civilization
7 are that the AI is incredibly powerful
and able compared to previous editions
Governor is a good balance of having the
ease and time to play your own game
without it fundamentally changing leave
the other settings alone civilization 7
has a huge amount of information and it
compared to previous editions because
every leader and every Civ has their own
thing going on don't worry about it do
not become disenchanted just die then in
your first game I would very much
recommend keeping the tutorials on they
are helpful I would also recommend going
into the lens and making sure that all
three are turned on Hex grid resources
and yields they do help do not worry at
all about all of the different terrain
types and yields civ7 has been balanced
so that all terrain types are broadly
playable instead click the Satler lands
and make sure that wherever you do
settle is next to water as you can see
this spot will do absolutely fine as we
go through the game you will print
settlers in order to make towns remember
that your first settler is called a
founder and they are different because
this settlement will become a city it
will also become your Capital we are
going to settle in place you now get a
choice as to whether you want to start
with a scout or a warrior your first
unit only costs one production I would
recommend going Scout so that you can
play with the new Dynamics on the city
Banner the one is my population the
symbol of the Scout shows that I'm
currently producing it the six tells me
that it will be six turns until my
Capital grows a population and the one
tells me that the Scout is one one turn
away from being finished I can also
click either on the tile or on the
banner to come up with a bigger list of
information about the city my Palace is
giving me five food production one
culture and five happiness hence the
yields we can see the capital comes
turbocharged once your first Scout is
finished I would recommend building a
second visibility is key now simply
begin to explore the map at first the
tech tree will be quite confusing to you
with a lot of different options you
could focus on Army science C Ure or
some other Financial reward just
remember this you start with Agriculture
and if you research sailing Pottery
animal husbandry and masonry all of your
regular T improvements will receive
boosted yields I would recommend getting
these for fairly early on in most games
however I would focus on rushing writing
which involves you getting Pottery this
is so we can unlock the library when
your city gains a population you have
the option to grow the City by making a
rural District this can be incredibly
confusing remember these things every
tile has one and only one Improvement
associated with it so you can see Farms
on these three tiles a fishing boat on
my right hand tile a wood cutter on the
top right and a Clay Pit on the top left
every single one of those improvements
is related to one of the aforementioned
techs I mentioned before the yields that
you see on the map are not yields that
you are getting they are yields that you
could potentially get currently I only
have five food that is because the only
tile that I am working is the city
center I am not getting any of the food
from the surrounding tiles only improved
tiles give you yields this really
confused me when I first started playing
this is useful however because the game
calculates what the yields will be if
you improve the tile so in this case
this one over to my left looks lovely
with food production and one happiness I
will grow the tile put a farm down
culture bomb all of the tiles around it
so that I can grow there in future and
now you can see I'm getting six food
five from my original tile and one from
my improved Farm as your scout explores
every few turns press this button search
it takes one movement to do it it
increases your sight range by one
revealing more of the map and at twice
the usual sight range currently six
tiles it reveals all locations of
significance that you want to explore
here is a campfire s7's equivalent of a
goodie Hut now I know but I can go and
beine over to it for this reason Scouts
are incredibly useful to have early in
the game more useful in my opinion than
Warriors Warriors are stronger but they
cannot search as you explore the map you
will meet Villages the game's equivalent
of city states and barbarians Villages
either start as friendly or hostile and
keep putting your mouse over the tile
will tell you exactly what this is this
one is hostile Don't Panic though enemy
Scouts cannot attack in fact your scout
can't attack either they are offenseless
units so you should be able to Glide
right by just keep an eye out for other
units movement in civ7 is pretty simple
every unit has an amount of towels they
can move but on the map there are tiles
that are referred to as rough terrain
such as this rainforest or this River no
matter how many movement points you have
entering a rough tile will immediately
end your turn however it only costs one
movement to do it so whilst moving into
this River will end my turn I can move
round and enter the River from a
different direction this system is much
more like the system in Civ 5 most story
events and things around the map will
give you a choice pick the one that
suits you best I would always focus on
taking things that give you early game
bonuses to your capital in this case 60
culture is worth the 50 damage taken on
the Scout some story events will offer
you the options of taking on quests some
options will avoid them entirely always
take an option that gives a quest I'm
going to be taking the option that tries
to get me to have a commander with three
promotions it's quite an easy one to do
and 15% production towards tring all
infantry is a good promotion anything on
the Civic tree that has a little quill
on it is an unlockable social policy
just like in Civ 6 you have a government
that can pop down a certain number of
social policies you can only switch
these around when you finish a Civic I
would always recommend focusing on
culture at the beginning of the game the
Civic tree is split between the
Antiquity Civics that everyone in the
game has access to and your special
Civics for your nation by the end of the
Antiquity age you want to research a
everything in your nation specific tree
anything left will effectively be lost
for the rest of the game however I would
say at the beginning of the game Focus
first on mysticism and then finish
discipline finally go for code of laws
all three of these will unlock aspects
of the game that are essential to
continue when you ask to choose a
government don't worry the only
differences between them are what
happens when your nation goes into a
celebration AKA a golden age if in doubt
pick oligarchy food is always welcome in
your Empire as your city grows focus on
two things when you decide which tiles
to take firstly be line for resources on
the map these will always come in handy
later secondly decide which ageless
Warehouse buildings you're going to pick
for instance The Granary is something
I'm going to build The Granary improves
the yield of all Farms pastures and
plantations on the map by one food that
represents a significant chunk of V
tiles available to me as incense and
wine are improved with plantations and
horses and camels are improved with
pastures as I build the grannery I will
focus on making sure those tiles are
worked to start with like this incense
tole all improved resources can be found
in the resource allocation tab for
instance the incense is currently in my
capital and is giving me 10% bonus
science if you don't have space the
resources in your cities you will find
them banked up on the left hand side be
warned you can only reallocate resources
when you improve a resource in all other
turns this screen is locked let me tell
you I hit my head against this a
significant amount if a building says
ageless make sure you build it whilst an
improvement makes a rural District
buildings can be used to make urban
districts remember when you place them
the urban districts must be next to
another Urban District you can't just
randomly put them around your city your
city center starts with a palace which
counts as a building every Urban
District can have up to two buildings
and sometimes they can synergize with
each other Warehouse buildings do not
apply these rules they simply improve
tiles around them in your city therefore
you do not have to think about them if
you can avoid it never replace a rural
district with an urban District because
you will lose that Improvement when the
building is finished it will again
culture bomb the city because of that I
want to claim this horse I'm going to
pop it on this tile when it's finished
all of these tiles will be mine notice
that when I unlocked Pottery it's given
me plus one food on plantations hey
Presto you can see the food has been
applied to the tile remember the only
improved tiles give you yields and what
you see is what you get one food two
food seven food hey Presto seven food
when moving units around remember you
can click on this little left hand arrow
for other options that you can't usually
see options such as alert sleep and rest
until fully healed or all hidden in this
little Sub menu it took me ages to find
those this is a village one of the
neutral parties of the map if the units
and the Border are outlined in red it
means it's hostile be very careful these
units will attack you and they will kill
your units unlocking mysticism in the
Civic tree will unlock your Pantheon
there are a lot of options for pantheons
if in doubt always pick goddess of the
harvest food is always good and putting
food on farms pastures and plantations
will stack with your Granary in almost
every game this is incredible useful you
will see however my tiles have not
changed but is because to obtain any
benefit from your Pantheon you must
build the altar every settlement you own
must have an alter for your Pantheon to
take effect once you finished your
Granary I would fully recommend queuing
up two Warriors cities or these Villages
are no joke in Civilization 7 if you
don't like barbarians this game will
cook you it is very difficult always
have a standing army and focus on
putting down your altar short afterwards
whenever you meet a new civilization you
will be given this first meet Choice it
is always worth the influence which you
accumulate at the top every turn to play
nice with other civilizations it's your
first go be friendly once you've met
another civilization you can see their
stats by leaving your cursor over the
top of the portrait and if we click on
Isabella we can see Endeavors there are
two that are important cultural exchange
and Farmers Market you can only have one
of these going with any leader at any
one point so if I start a cultural
exchange of Isabella I can't have one
with anybody else however you should
have one of these at any time the
benefits are too good I'm currently
gaining 15 culture per turn and I have
the possibility of gaining another plus
six per turn it's three yield take it
unlocking the discipline Civic will give
you your first three Commander these act
like great generals military units in
civ7 do not gain experience instead the
commanders do they have a range of one
tile around them that their effects are
applied to you can see this with the
white stand them on top of units and
always leave them stacked they can be
attacked if they are not on top of a
military unit they are very vulnerable
you want to keep them alive trust me
once your capital is big enough you will
see that the settler appears as an
option in the top of the screen you will
see your settlement limit you start with
a limit of three you always want to max
out this limit without going over the
top of it so because of that once my
warrior is finished I be building two
settlers once you've unlocked writing in
most games you want to go for currency
this unlocks Specialists one of the
strongest mechanisms in the game just
head towards that every time you get a
celebration if you're not sure what to
do click 20% food for 10 turns it's
always a reliably good thing to do there
are an overwhelming amount of resources
in the game that all have different
abilities there are two however that you
need to look out for gold as you can see
on Miss T and silver by far these are
the most powerful two resources in the
game focus on settling those on the map
you'll find natural wonders these often
have very impressive yields you should
always focus on settling them if you can
scattered throughout the tech and Civic
trees you will see certain things that
give you plus one settlement limit
always keep in mind depending on which
Civ you're playing or which leader
you're playing the settlement limit in
the Antiquity age will never go above
seven or eight it's worth keeping in
mind on this going over that liit can
lead to some severe penalties if ever
the AI offers you a deal and you're not
sure what to do click the middle option
it will cost you nothing and typically
you will gain something from it beware
of supporting things you may get more
yield but you lose a lot of influence
and influence is one of the trickiest
resources in the game to get always
remember if you see an enemy settler on
the map civ7 is not like five or six
settlers cannot be stolen and they have
health unless you specifically want to
stop an AI settling it is not worth
declaring war to attack them it will not
give you any benefit not anymore also
remember in Civ 7 settlers do not cost
population there is no harm in making
them in your Capital Gathering land
units such as Warriors and settlers into
your commander speeds up your units as
your commander has an increased movement
when they are in formation so make sure
you utilize this extra movement to get
around the map quickly using a satellite
creates a town not a city you
settlements will connect together by
roads it is important that roads connect
all of your settlements together if you
don't several mechanics in the game will
break for this reason I would never
settle more than about 10 tiles away
from your existing settlement towns are
different from cities it can be quite
confusing but this is what you have to
remember until a town hits seven
population it will remain a growing Town
these grow very quickly and focus on
food they have no production queue all
production instead is converted to Gold
however you can use your gold to buy
Warehouse buildings things like
granaries brickyards saw pits if in
doubt as usual focus on food once you
have code of laws make sure you get the
Mastery for mysticism Clan networks
gives you two food in all Settlements a
vital social policy you should have at
all times Merchants are one of the most
complicated parts of the Antiquity Edge
don't overthink it scroll out to give
yourself as big a zoom on the map as you
can and find a city it's green if I go
to this city and create a trading post I
will get a copy of every resource they
have improved wine and iy I would also
produce a road to it Merchants must be
physically walked across the map make
sure you keep them safe they are very
vulnerable buildings can have very
confusing effects in your first
playthrough don't worry about things too
much find something with a lot of
numbers and put it on a tile with a lot
of numbers honestly you can't really go
wrong remember Villages can attack like
trucks they are The Barbarians of the
game and they can be brutal make sure
you always have a standing army as you
start to make towns remember that some
social policies only give you things in
your Palace that's your capital and some
apply to all settlements you want to
start changing all of your cards to the
settlements ones because they will give
you bigger and bigger bonuses another
Civic to always be line is citizenship
because you get a card called Cas that
gives 25% extra food in towns you'll
sensor theme with the best way to play
this game once your Merchant has arrived
on one of these green settlements press
this button make trade route bam a
lovely road has been made and now all of
these resources are in my Empire this by
the way is how you win the economic
Legacy path to win this you need 20
resources in your settlements Merchants
let you get more and more of these
although be careful they only apply to
resources actually in your settlements
not Empire resources but fly globally
across your Empire you can now see in my
Capital that I've got the Altar and The
Granary finished so now my Farms are on
plus three food really really good to
grow this city out whatever bonuses you
do try and stack them as best you can as
you go through the age there are four
Legacy paths you have to choose from
when deciding what sort of points you
want to take through to exploration
culture has you build lots of Wonders
military settle a lot of cities and
Conquer some whilst you're at it science
you have to display casses in your
Empire and economic makes you assign
resources there is no wrong way to play
Civ in your first game however I would
recommend you try science it's by far
the easiest to get into your head all
you have to do is earn 10 caces and then
build buildings such as libraries in
your nation so that they can be
displayed pretty much all of them can be
found in the tech Tree in masteries a
codex is in this one for instance and uh
this one and this one and this one you
get the idea just Tech up a lot you'll
get them just make sure as well that
once you've got writing you want to be
lined towards currency for the
Specialists and then mathematics to
unlock the acmy those things have three
slots for them they're very good the
Mastery also gives you two if you ever
see any narrative event that just says
hey would you like one for three just
take it just trust me just take it all
buildings in cities can either be
produced with production or purchased
immediately for gold if you're going
science I would recommend getting in
libraries when you hover over a tile to
put it down look how there anything that
says adjacency bonus these are the
numbers that will be multiplied when you
put Specialists down later again don't
worry about it too much just go big
number good when you produce military
troops if your commanders are too far
away press this wonderful button
reinforce Army simply click on your
commander and they will teleport there
after a few turns it means you don't
have to walk anything across the map
ever if like me you find yourself
frequently butting heads with random
civilizations you're next to such as for
instance Egypt with an amazing Capital
near my borders and who may I just add
has denounced me well I find myself in
the position where I think I might war
with her huge tip for you surprise Wars
in this game are brutal they give huge
advantages to the AI not just in terms
of giving them lots of influence but
also boosting their combat power to
avoid this make sure you denounce them
cost a little bit of influence now but
it'll save you a whole lot of grief
later remember that towns can have
Warehouse buildings as well this town
has two Farms so I'm going to spend the
gold to buy in The Granary I'll put it
here to expand the borders now the farms
in this town are giving me more food
stack those bonuses if you think we're
going to go to war make sure you rush
bronze working the upgrades in troops in
this Tech are significant you do not
want to go into combat without it and
then make sure you pick Mastery three
combat strength infantry units that is a
big upgrade once you've unlocked the
currency Tech you can now get
specialists in cities every time you get
a population in a city you can now
assign it into one of your urban
districts instead of making a new
Improvement Specialists do have
drawbacks they consume happiness and
food but generally if you can put one
down put one down look for the biggest
numbers and put it on there if you find
the AI declaring war on you don't panic
the best thing you can do is assemble
your troops under the command of a
general and make sure you spend your
time defending and fortifying it's much
easier to defend ground than it is to
attack it your commanders have a whole
bunch of promotions that they can obtain
as they get experience they're very
complicated so generally if you find
yourself defending go for Bastion if you
want to attack go for assault remember
also that you can buy new troops using
gold from towns useful if you need to
get just a little bit of emergency
defense in once your towns hit
population 7 you are given the option of
changing their focus this is an entire
video in itself on your first game all
you need to know is this if your town is
on growing Town it will continue to gain
population any of the other options it
will stop growing but all of its food
will instead be sent to your city I
would recommend in your first game as
soon as you have unlocked currency and
you can pick up Specialists it is worth
changing all of your Towns over farming
town is the easiest that way you can
send even more food back to your Capital
once a commander gets promotions all the
way down to the bottom you get to pick a
commodation point these are like super
upgrades if you're unsure what to do
pick order plus five combat strength for
land units under the command radius it
turns your units into well tanks ah War
it always pays Egypt is now out of the
game had Chets up is no more I pillaged
a lot of her land this is a 10
population town now under my control you
can always choose to raise it but I
would necessarily always end up keeping
it it won't obey you for about 15 turns
but when it does to one intense and
purposes it will resume like a normal
Town one little tip you might want to
take with you whenever you play your
first game is to make sure you have a
couple of gys in every coastal city
trust me these Villages especially ones
on the coast they will throw G at you
and it is so annoying to have all of
your stuff pillaged so just defend your
coasts it's worth it trust me don't make
my mistakes in fact I would go as far as
to say for every settlement you've got
you want two troops doesn't matter where
they are don't have to be stationed in
each settlement but as long as you have
an army of troops somewhere of that sort
of level you should just about be able
to keep yourself safe just so this is a
really good build this is the sort of
thing you want to be looking at lots of
stuff that gives food and gold to all of
your settlements combined with a
celebration that's giving you food this
just means everything your Empire is
going to be growing growing population
is key it always has been it always will
be there are hundreds of other ways to
play C7 but this is such a reliable
middle of the roadway now this topic ISO
too big to go into fully in this
particular video but remember when I
said there is a difference between
cities and towns once they hit
population 7 you can convert a town into
a full-fledged City now the more cities
you have the more ways the food from
your towns has to spread however if you
don't have enough cities you won't have
enough locations to buy some of the more
interesting buildings if like me you're
just going for a science Legacy path
which is where you need 10 cices on
display in your Empire you're going to
want two libraries and twois AKA it's
best to have two cities don't go above
this point but make sure you have two I
converted Egypt's old capital because to
be honest with you it was pretty good
another big piece of advice as you go
through make sure you make a merchant
every 15 20 turns or so it is amazing
how many cities you can trade with that
you just won't notice so it's always
worth making them if the AI puts a city
down somewhere you were going to settle
or it feels really cheeky like this
silver and iron is been stolen from me
again don't panic send a merchant you'll
get the resources anyway as you go
through the age you'll start hitting
Milestones just keep an eye on these
Quest steps they will take you through
what you need to do they're pretty spil
explanatory right now for instance it's
telling me to unlock mathematics well
that's easy enough to do let's do that
eventually if you continue winning the
crisis will begin about 70% of the way
through the age it's simple choose your
poison some of them will be bad for you
others will be really bad try and pick
whichever route is at least bad so for
instance for me I only have one
settlement I didn't found so that's a
little bit of unhappiness and both of
these options are terrible cuz I'm at
six out of six on my settlement cap if I
bring that down all of my cities will
suffer a minus five happiness penalty
but that's better than minus 6 so I
guess that's the one we'll go for always
remember that your Civ has a favored
wonder it can build really fast compared
to everyone else you would be silly not
to build it so build it also normally it
gives you a narrative event EV which is
incredibly good like for instance I
built Coliseum and now all of my melee
units have plus two combat strength
that's ridiculous thank you again always
keep an eye out for narrative events
again another plus one codex that's my
victory path thank you very much I've
now got seven of them and this Tech
gives me another two wonderful even I
haven't se this one an entire settlement
is being given to me I imagine someone's
crisis has got particularly bad oh yes
it's this one everything's on fire sort
of checks out and eventually if you keep
playing well the Antiquity age will end
leaving you with the basis foundations
of an Empire that you will now take to
exploration if you're lucky you'll have
at least one settlement on the coast
maybe even two or three none of that
really matters now because the age is
over and hey Presto your civilization
charges forward stick to these basic
rules that I've taught you potentially
focus on science and you can't go too
far wrong keep it simple have a lot of
fun and I'll see you lovely lot in
Exploration until then goodbye and
finally a very special shout out goes to
Glorious Petra Matthew Wilkinson Paul
Coffee Portland Clint henis the nikan
daddy Bard T in general capabi Vini the
uncivil engineer lilan radiator
technology poet poppy dude clion furd do
Deo 91 mushkin mandl Tor Scott Stratton
major King Kong skeptical bear cinnamon
beard Private Selection genua salami
Callum Billy Garrett Gowan elru and
Creston RB hedge burial I'm Daft
gooberman Dr Bobby miosis ing golfman
indigenous 68 Teddy zurer ZF Barnaby Rex
charlyy Bears Flying Dutch BBS Nate the
Great Alex Frost mean penguin
interplanet Janet frankincense battles
Zord baluk 79 Bob blbl geography teacher
juvara morx cush EOB Deja Fu Kovu
legally trash is this live minow sorted
Dutch rad Bley shadow of Gia flower
power bear danjo Buster Blader Bob TW
toddler abstract Thun Li alley thank you
everyone for your support goodbye