civilization 7 has drastically changed a
lot of mechanics from Civ 6 especially
City management Civ can be a simple game
if you want it to be but it can also be
an incredibly deep game if you want to
take the time to learn all of its
intricacies in this video we dive deep
into the new complexities that civ7
brings to the city and unravel every
dark secret it is hiding my name is Dro
this is civ7 and join me as we take one
more
turn just before we get into the video a
quick disclaimer because Civ 7 is new
and there's a lot to learn it's quite
normal to feel overwhelmed by it all
it's important to enjoy Civ the way that
you want to and keep in mind that this
is an advanced guide there's a lot of
focus on the micro level if you find
that I'm glossing over some details then
make sure you check out the 90-minute
long beginner guide that was posted
earlier this week I'll leave a link in
the description now let's get to it this
video is going to be in seven parts and
it's going to take you through the phase
of a game through Antiquity all the way
until the beginning of exploration as we
progress through the game we'll taking a
look at different aspects of the city
management component for Civ 7 and that
starts with Empire planning okay so
we're on turn n and we've got some
questions that we need to ask the first
one is are there any super duper good
City locations that I can put down right
now and judging what we've got here this
cluster doesn't seem particularly crazy
there's a couple cow in over on this
west side and over towards this top I
feel that if we settle anywhere near
this independent people it's probably
just going to cause us more harm than it
will good so I don't think it's a smart
move to start making settlers just yet
now we've opened up with two Scouts and
then we've built a granary and we've
finished researching sailing with
Pottery about to come through and the
question is do we make a settler or do
we further invest in our production
that's the early question that we're
going to be looking at and I think at
this stage of the game with no clear
answer here the fact that we don't see
any really strong expansion going into
production is going to make the most
sense here so we'll throw down the key
We'll add out next citizen in where are
we going to put the citizen over here
next to the iron for the moment and
we'll move over to the next turn now
what would have been something that
would have been worth expanding to right
now and the answer is a natural wonder
so if you had a natural wonder nearby so
let's say that we saw the Redwood Forest
that was over here then you'd want to
expand that as quickly as possible and
that would mean as soon as you get to
five population because you can't do it
before five it's only at five population
can you start making your first settler
uh then we would begin doing that and
look to expand in that direction as soon
as possible the other option or other uh
the other uh position where you'd want
to expand is if you've spotted a
neighbor and you want to expand towards
them very very quickly because you're
quite close so as an example if we've
got a neighbor that's over here and
they're currently hidden and we don't
know exactly where they are uh and uh
all of a sudden we spot them we can
actually get a a settler out immediately
and then look to expand because what we
want to do is create what's called a uh
block a city uh so it's a city that is
going to fill in that position so it
will block them essentially so we'll
continue and there we go we we found our
first player for today it's going to be
Xerxes so we'll take a look and see
exactly where he
is because there's always the risk that
uh we don't actually see his capital
okay looks so we've got to the north
okay so our blocker city is going to be
somewhere in this region this is
actually not a bad spot to be putting
down a town but we've very quick
identified so we're at turn 12 now I
think we started at turn 9 uh and now
we're at turn 12 so we very quickly
identified where our first city or where
our first settlement rather is going to
be going and it's going to be going near
him now I'll give you a couple of tips
uh when it comes to settling cities on
people's boarders or close to people's
borders now keep in mind if we take a
look at this position here we 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8 9 10 11 tiles away from him which
means that if we settle a city the
minimum distance so let's go with this
tile right here this is the minimum
distance that we can settle it away this
is still pretty close to him and it's
going to make him angry and because of
that especially when you're playing at
the higher difficulties like deity any
little amount of uh influence that you
cause to drop can be drastic for the
outcome of the game especially when
you're playing against somebody like
Xerxes who is known for his aggression
so if we take a look at already at our
relationship we've got a plus 20 on the
first meet because we've given him that
influence but one of the things that
would really make that bad is if we
settled close to him and the borders
were touching so I would advise always
look to settle at least four tiles away
from the enemy so that's the first
that's the second that's the third so I
wouldn't settle here I would say at
least four oh so I guess technically
that's at least five you would want to
make it so that your borders cannot grow
Beyond these tiles here because if they
do if they do touch his borders that
will also provide a negative modifier
that's going to further reduce you and
one one of the comments I often see on
the videos is how come the AI is never
attacking you and it's because many ing
the relationship with the AI is one of
the most important things that you're
doing in civ7 it is a lot different from
Civ 6 where they're just kind of random
and they declare surprise war on you
there's a lot more prerequisites before
they can declare war and doing your best
to mitigate that is incredibly important
and that starts at the planning phase
right here and looking at where are we
going to put down a city so I think by
far the best position here is this spot
right here because if we take this spot
we're going to be putting a blocker City
down that's the minimum distance from
our Capital we'll also be expanding out
towards this silk and not that Silk's
particularly important but at the end of
the day I don't want him to get that
Silk that's our silk and it will be our
silk because we'll settle down here now
we've only got one turn left on the
fishing key so it will'll allow that to
come up because it's a decent investment
that we've already put forward but we
will put a settler in Q after that and
we will immediately look to get out
towards this front other than that
that's uh that's essentially our early
game planning phase when we're planning
out Empire we want to spot out those
five or six or five expansion locations
and they're already starting to come
together we've got the first expansion
that's here the second expansion that's
over here the third one that's over here
I don't know if I want to expand down
here this to me doesn't really look like
another idea but we've we've already
found three expansion spots so we need
to continue searching we need to
continue finding more expansion spots to
get a bit of an idea and I suspect we
might have some stuff down here okay
it's turn 21 and it's time to talk about
defining our borders we've already
talked about Empire planning and roughly
where we we're going to put down some
towns as well as that nice little tip
about just making sure our borders are
defined against neighbors but we need to
speak more broadly about defining our
borders because when it comes to
Defending Your Empire in Civilization 7
it's important you don't spread yourself
thin to our South we've discovered
confucious and very clearly there is a
lovely expansion spot to our South and
to his North that is definitely going to
be contested if we want it to be I think
a city somewhere in here would be
absolutely amazing you'd be able to take
the camels as well as the gypsum and
have amazing growth along this navigable
river but the only trouble is
considering we've got to our North
Xerxes and we've already got a position
up towards him I don't think it's a
reasonable decision for us to actually
expand all that way down there because
we're going to be spreading ourselves
very very thin so should we actually
contest this and I'd say the answer is
no and part of the reason why is because
of the natural terrain if we take a look
at this natural terrain there is an an
absolutely massive navigable river that
goes all the way up here on top of that
there's only a single tile that's going
to allow us to get through now
eventually we'll be able to get a bridge
along here that's going to make this
transfer a little bit easier but in the
meantime in the short term this is going
to be a very susceptible settlement and
I'm not in the business of giving away
cities especially not to confucious so
let's talk a little bit more about where
it could be appropriate for us to settle
so that we can minimize the risk that
he's going to be taking this city as
well as maximize the uh the efficiency
of that City and reduce the risk
associated with it being taken and this
spot right here is what stands out to me
for with regard to defensive terrain
it's incredibly important when we're
playing civ7 to look at the terrain that
is around our cities so as an example
the mountains as well as the volcanoes
not that they really do much but tiles
that can't be moved on but the big
kicker here is the navigable river it's
incredibly difficult to cross a
navigable river you're going to have to
Embark you're going to be losing quite a
bit of combat strength and the enemy can
pick you off as you're Crossing that
River so by taking advantage of that we
can look to settle on this tile right
here and that will guarantee that if the
enemy ever tries to attack us they're
going to have a very difficult time
coming through here and it's also going
to mean that uh realistically when we're
never really going to be losing this
position so as long as we secure this
we've got a very effective border along
here and that's why it's so important
that we Define our borders and we
understand okay where am I going to be
calling a in from and this is it so I I
I can already see that border along this
navigable river all the way down along
the edge like that and this is a great
little expansion salt camels as well as
the horses a great little spot a nice
little quadrant that we've got uh and I
suspect that we might have confucious
look to try and put a settlement here as
well it's not going to be as good as
long as we can snipe out these navigable
tiles and now that we've expanded up
towards the north we've also got our
second settler that's moving out towards
this Eastern position as we've taken out
the uh position or we've taken out the
independent power uh we we're fortunate
in that we got an Archer from a goody
hunt and that allowed us allowed us to
kind of early steamroll them uh together
and uh we were able to take this out
without too much of a hassle nice and
early so this settlement will go up but
our next settler and we've got quite a
few of them that are in que at the
moment will be coming down towards this
position and we'll be looking to settle
this in the meantime now one of the
other things that you'll do throughout
your gameplay which I would definitely
recommend is you look to try and block
the Enemy At All Points so with our
Scout here what we would do is we would
be keeping an eye on any potential
settlers that might be coming out from
the capital and when we see those
settlers what we'll do is block their
direction that they're trying to go so
we might see that he is in this bush
right here and we might look to block
this little angle right there or maybe
he comes across and stands on this tile
we can look to block in here and slowing
down that settler could be the
difference in making this this uh City
in time or making or not making it in
time and if they get the expansion up
remember that there is a three tile
lockout so basically if you put down a
settlement there's three tiles where you
can't or they can't expand within that
three tiles and if he was to come in and
put a settlement right here it would
mean that you can no longer expand on
this tile you might need to go back here
and now because you're back here you
don't have access to fresh water and
because you don't have access to fresh
water you're not happy and maybe you
can't reach the navigable river there's
a whole bunch of fallouts so we want to
do everything that we can to try and
strict the enemy from actually getting
through uh onto this so uh realistically
that that's pretty much it for defining
borders uh the the the main thing is is
just kind of envisioning where your
borders are going to be and as I
mentioned earlier just trying to make
sure that your borders don't touch where
possible so another example is this
expansion I I think the best position is
going to be on this tile right here just
because it will have the fresh water uh
and we'll also be able to get the horses
tile which is the most important but if
we expanded here uh as an example this
might be decent we still have fresh
water from the Oasis that's here and
we'd be able to get to the horses tile
faster but when we take that H's tile
it's going to push all of our borders
out and they will be against the uh
against Xerxes and that's going to
provide a negative multiplier at the
moment he doesn't have a negative
multiplier so you can see that we've
settled too close but we don't have the
borders touching negative multiplier
which is quite significant and it can be
the difference between a war declaration
and potential ally in the future so
making sure we manage that is incredibly
important to defining our borders it's
turn 39 and it's time to think about
City Planning City Planning is the stage
of the game where we start thinking
about which of these settlements are
going to become cities and which ones
are going to stay towns and which ones
are we going to start specializing the
the primary driver of a City versus a
town is that a city should have a lot of
production so if we look at chicken
chicken its chiten itsa uh it doesn't
have a whole lot of production there's
not a lot of production coming out of
these tiles we're mainly focused on the
navigable river because that's going to
be yielding us a lot more than just you
know one one food and one production if
we were to compare that to Copan as an
example where we've got two hammers two
hammers another two hammers another two
hammers there is absolutely plenty of
production over in this town and because
of that the candidacy for a city is a
lot higher over for kapan than it would
be for chiten itsa uh so Chichen it
though would be a great great town to
specialize now when we specialize a town
or when we make a city it's important
that we follow a couple of rules the
first one is going to be from the
civilopedia itself if we take a look at
the towns and scroll all the way down to
the bottom they actually give a great
tip that says instead of converting all
towns into cities aim to keep at least a
1:1 townto City ratio this is a great
tip you want to have one town that's
feeding into your city the only thing is
and we'll touch on this a little bit
later when we talk about roads is you
want to have the feeding town close to
the city that means if we want to turn
this into a city we need to have the
town that's going to be feeding it close
to that City this as an example if we
wanted to turn this into a city we
wouldn't be able to feed it with this
town it's too far away the the food
would get intercepted by Copan or By
Buck and as a result it never receives
that food it needs to be think of it
like a river it needs to be a creek
that's trickling into that River and
because of that the these are I guess
the best way to think about it is you've
got almost different Rivers here and if
KH is trickling into Copan it can never
get into calak mile uh so that's that's
normally the the rule that I like to
follow is the one by or the one for one
rule when it comes to specialization
there's a couple of different ways that
you can play it but for me by far the
number one specialization is going to be
farming Town it just makes the most
sense uh in pretty much all situations
when we think about what the purpose of
a specialized town is the first role of
the specialized town is to send food uh
to the capital or the connected cities
and the second role is to provide an
income Source a gold income source and
that's what it's doing by converting all
of the production into a gold source so
you the way I see it is you're very much
doubling down on its primary bonus which
is to feed your other or your connected
cities now there's going to be a couple
of factors that determine whether you
actually go into that specialization but
you can definitely play around it and
what do I mean by that what I mean by
that is take a look down here in this
bottom corner there is a absolutely
beautiful town that could be placed and
it's not going to have a lot of land
resources but one of the things that it
will have a lot of is water and so what
you can do is you can put down this town
and start taking all of the tiles around
it that are connected by water and
eventually you can get a fishing Key and
that's going to further improve those
tiles for you in that position and
eventually you'll just be able to send
that back to the connected City in this
case we'll send it up to bark and we
won't need a road connection for that
because it will be connected by water
you can see that we've already got the
trade ship out it will be doing much of
the same thing and it will be able to
come all the way around and it will be
able to feed bark and because of that we
can optimize our placement of our towns
and our specialization by saying I'm
just going to plant on the coast and I'm
going to leave myself enough tiles to
make sure that I've got a decent food
income and then I can use those to feed
into my cities uh so this is a huge
component uh when it comes to City
Planning it's about planning which ones
are going to be cities which ones are
going to be towns and if I had to pick
three right now I'd say Copan is most
likely to be uh our first city candidate
and the Second City candidate I don't
really see a lot of production
throughout here I think khah wouldn't be
a terrible City candidate there's some
good production in here but to be honest
c m is quite nice with its production as
well we can get these tiles up quite
High cuz they're all vegetated so I
think this would be good the only issue
that this city is going to have is that
there's no feed in for it at least not
yet and if we wanted to feed into this
town uh it could be difficult where
where or rather if we want to feed into
this city it could be difficult where
are we going to put a town to feed this
like you'd have to put one out here and
feed it in or you'd have to put one out
here and feed it in that's difficult to
defend and we could technically put one
down here uh because this spot is still
open but once again a a road when it
generates it's going to generate to the
closest town or closest settlement and
this is going to be a lot closer to bark
than it is to kic mile so I think that
this could be a bit of a trap but anyway
let's move on to our next point it's
turn 50 and it's time for us to talk
about city building this is the process
of constructing buildings on the most
optimal tiles so that we can maximize
the yields across our Empire but how do
we actually go about doing it well first
we need to talk about the four different
categories of buildings the first type
of building is the normal building this
is a building that doesn't have any
bonus to anything it is however and some
of these buildings have bonuses for uh
tiles specifically let's talk about
those so the first one that you'll be
familiar with is the granery the grener
doesn't get any adjacency bonuses if you
put it next to something it's not going
to improve uh the yield that it gives
you however the more Farms that you've
got within your uh Your settlement the
more yields you will receive because
each farm that you've got will then
receive a plus one for that by the same
token the fishing Key which we've got
right here improves the yields on all of
your fishing boats within your
settlement so this is another example of
a normal type building other normal type
buildings are things like the saw pit uh
the Brickyard is another normal type
building uh as well as the alter the
alter receives some adjacency bonuses
but they're much more General uh and not
something that you can really look to
optimize in the same way that you can do
the other three categories so so the
other three categories are uh food
buildings and gold buildings so these
both have the exact same adjacency type
when it comes to food and gold buildings
you can put them together so if we take
a look here at bark our capital and
scroll down you'll see that we've got
the garden which has a plus seven for
somewhere in this Empire now I know
where this is uh and you may as well
depending on how many hours you've
played of Civ 7 but the bonus is for
adjacency to water so there's a couple
of different things you know that's able
Rivers that's minor Rivers that's Lakes
that's Coast uh and if you've got that
uh bonus it will provide a huge amount
of extra for it so if we take a look at
the Garden it has a base yield of three
that means no matter where you put it
you're going to be getting three you can
get three over here you can get three
over here you can get a couple happiness
as well that's because we're playing as
a shoker and he gets bonuses to his
happiness adjacencies or you can put it
over here uh where you get try and don't
don't Focus too much on the happiness
that's a shoker specific probably a bad
idea to pick him for this playthrough uh
but the main focus here is the food uh
so we're getting a an extra food from
each one of these tiles and not only
that but we would also be getting extra
gold in the event we would have put down
a market in this position as well so
that's the second type the food and gold
uh the third type of uh buildings are
the science buildings and the production
buildings so your library your Academy
your blacksmith uh actually I'm I'm
pretty sure I'm just thinking right now
I'm like blacksmith is it blacksmith uh
they will all be considered production
type buildings and they get bonuses to
your resources so if we have a look here
we've got a camp that is currently
sitting on Ivory and then we've also got
some silk so if we were to build a
library and a uh and a black Smith in
between these they're going to both
receive adjacency bonuses the same way
that a garden or a market would have
received an adjacency bonus for this
water so the more that you've got the
better so if you can find a spot that's
got like this right here where you've
got 1 two three resources on it what
you'd want to do is build a library on
it and that's going to get plus one plus
2 plus three plus the base yield so if
we take a look at what that is so if we
go into here and take a look so it's got
a plus two as or plus two science as its
base yield so it would be a plus five
library in this position and that would
apply for everything uh production
related as well so we can go and have a
look at our blacksmith and that's plus
three production uh with additional
adjacency bonuses for each resource so
that would be a A6 uh and then from here
uh we've got our fourth so that was our
our third one now we've got our fourth
one uh which is our happiness buildings
and our culture buildings they also
stack together and what's really cool
about this uh just in general is that it
makes it very easy to do adjacency
because you always know okay wherever I
put down a good Garden I'm going to be
able to put down a good Market wherever
I put down a good blacksmith I'm going
to be able to put down a good Academy
and often these things link up in the
tech tree if we take a look here at the
tech tree right now we'll see that we've
got the market as well as the bath that
both unlock at the exact same time now
the garden comes a little bit earlier
which is why we're able to build it now
uh and the bath is also uh if I remember
correctly it's yeah it must be placed on
a river so you can't actually build it
with the market uh but if we go a little
bit further on uh we've got the
blacksmith that unlocks here at
engineering and then the very next
technology after it we've got the
academy which unlocks so often you'll
find yourself putting down a good
blacksmith and then it will be followed
by a really good academy uh but then the
final point or the final one that we'll
talk about though uh as previously
mentioned the happiness buildings and
the culture buildings they stack up
together and their adjacency bonuses are
based on uh on natural wonders as well
as mountains so let's see if we can find
a good spot here's a good spot right
here for a monument if you had a a city
that was somewhere in this region maybe
here and you could put a monument right
here it's going to receive its base
yield so if we take a look at The
Monument's base yield I think it's a
plus two plus two culture so it will get
plus two and then plus three four five
so you'll have a five culture Monument
there and that's the same for your
happiness buildings they'll also get
that additional happiness for each of
the adjacent mountains uh and if I
remember correctly this is a double
adjacency actually we can we can once
again we can check it's a double
adjacency for natural wonders uh
actually maybe I take that back it could
be natural wonders that are mountains so
if you've got like Mount kilamanjaro and
you build it next to it then technically
it's a natural wonder but it's also
technically a mountain so it will give
you uh double the the bonuses at least
that's that's what I remember
Okay so we've talked about adjacency
bonuses and we've talked about the the
best way that you can optimize each of
these different things I mean you're
primar looking for Rivers when it comes
to gold and food you're looking for
resources when it comes to production
and Science and you're looking for
mountains or natural wonders when it
comes to your happiness and your culture
and this goes like this throughout the
entirety of the game and it means that
once you get into the exploration Age
It's relatively simple when it comes to
overbuilding which is something that
we'll also talk about at the end of this
video it'll be towards the the very end
actually it's the last thing that we
speak about uh but let's talk a little
bit more about our city building and
about exactly where we're going to be
putting cities or where we're going to
be putting our buildings and the best
way that we can be doing that so just to
start off with your Palace uh provides a
adjacency bonus for all of the quarters
that are around it so when a building is
built by itself it becomes an urban
District so if we were just to take uh
this Arena as an example and just put it
down here that would become an urban
District it doesn't become a quarter
until there is a second building in it
so here we've got a granary if we were
to build an arena on this Granary that's
going to give us the uh the quarter
that's going to complete the quarter and
all of your quarters that are adjacent
to your Palace so that's your city
center and keep in mind that your Palace
is unique to your capital I think this
is the founders Edition Palace that's
why it looks all fancy uh but as an
example over on this side you've got the
city hall uh and that that's despite it
being a town I know I've thought about
it as well I'm like why are there City
Halls in my towns uh they're not cities
anyway uh so they don't provide the
adjacency bonus it is only here which
gives you a real incentive to build
quarters around the inner tiles of your
city of your capital city that so that's
the first sort of General uh rule that
we could look to try and do now and keep
in mind that Through the Ages this
adjacency bonus will get stronger so
it's plus one culture and plus one
science in the uh in the age of
antiquity in the age in the exploration
age it's plus two culture and plus two
science so one of the easy ways that you
can do this is with a granary and a
brickyard and you take that Granary and
you put it down once again ignore the
happiness component of this I don't know
why I picked a shoker to do this run
through but here we are uh probably the
the worst decision because it just makes
it very confusing but we've got you know
what would normally be a two production
tile here uh now keep in mind this is
not based on any of the other adjacency
components this is just a normal
building uh if we look at the brickyard
uh cuz it's a warehouse building uh
which is an ageless building so a
warehouse building means it provides
that bonus to uh specific tile yields uh
and ageless means that it will last
throughout the ages you won't be able to
replace it uh but it provides an extra
one culture an extra one science and
it's the same if we were to do it over
here uh if we were to pair the Brickyard
uh with our
unique uh but we would not want to do
that because it's time to talk about our
unique quarters so a unique quarter is
obviously unique that hence the name uh
but each civilization may or may not
have access to a unique quarter so if we
look here we're playing the Mayans we've
got access to the unique quarter uh but
if we take a look over at let's have a
look and see we can have a look at the
Han they do not have access to a unique
quarter uh they've got access to a
unique building instead so it's a unique
tile Improvement so not every
civilization has got access it is tied
to the civilization it's not tied to the
leader so here is an example playing as
the Romans they do have it and then
we've also got the Persians who have got
a unique building or unique tile
Improvement uh so with the unique uh
improvements the rather the unique uh
quarters it's absolutely imperative that
you keep these two together because when
they are built together they will form a
unique quarter if you build them
independently they won't so here the
second component to our unique quarter
is the Jalal jalo Jal jalo that's it's
it's not my native language so we could
build it anywhere else okay we we could
build it down here we could look have a
look at that two two culture and seven
happiness yeah we'll take that but the
moment you do that you're no longer able
to build that unique quarter and you
might be wondering okay but what's so
special about this unique quarter well
everyone's unique quarter is unique it's
different so if we go take a look at
shag on the Romans his unique quarter uh
what does it do it provides plus one
culture and plus one gold for every
unique tradition in the government and
as the Romans that's typically something
that you want to do they love their
Traditions plus two combat strength for
every tradition in the government uh
whereas our unique quarter if we take a
look at it over on the right side of the
screen every time you research a
technology the settlement gains
production equal to 15% of its cost
which is pretty crazy when you think
about it right if we've got 52 science
that's coming in every single turn it's
basically just like getting 15% of your
science as production every turn and
we've only got 18 science which means
that or rather 18 production which means
that that's equivalent to about seven
produ C every turn now obviously there's
some caveats to that you know what only
ever happens when you're completing your
constru or your uh you're researching
your attch but the point is you don't
want to miss out on this this is
absolutely huge and you got to remember
this is across your Empire so you could
build one here you could build one over
here now keep in mind you can't build
that in a town uh you can't build this
uh unique uh this unique quarter in a
town but you can build it in other
cities just like we're doing right here
so that means that every single time
this Tech completes you're getting that
15% bonus production which is rep or
represented as as a portion of the
science it comes through as production
and you're getting that depending on how
many times you've got that throughout
the uh throughout your settlement or
throughout your Empire so it's very very
impactful uh to be doing that and to be
uh making sure that you take advantage
of that on top of that your unique uh
your unique sorry your unique quarter it
takes me a while your unique quarter has
got adjacency bonuses as well and it
won't actually get the adjacency bonuses
until you actually cons construct it so
if we take a look I'm I'm trying to
think uh okay hold on we're going to
have to see how to spell it uh so the
unique quarter it is I don't I don't
even know how we find the unique quarter
but basically it's it's got adjacency
bonuses uh depending on what is placed
next to it uh so it it gets other
bonuses so basically by splitting never
all never split these guys up always
always keep them together from there
moving moving on uh there's one other
adjacency that we haven't talked about
yet and that is the adjacency for world
wonders world wonders give adjacency
bonuses to everything quite literally
absolutely everything that you put in a
world Wonder next to it will get an
adjacency bonus for so you want to try
and cluster everything together that's
the general idea when you're making
cities when you're doing city building
you want to try and cluster things
together you don't want to have you know
your city coming down towards this angle
or in a in a single line snaking across
you want to try and keep it clustered as
much as you can try and think of like
you know when you're playing the
Japanese in Civ 6 it's the ex same thing
you're looking to try and get those
triangles in trying to get those
diamonds it's the same sort of concept
uh and just about weaving them in so
perhaps I could see a world where we do
maybe a uh production and science
building here and then a world Wonder
here and then another well we can't do
it because it's within the TS but you
guys get the idea we we we want to try
and maximize our adjacency we'll work it
out for later later on uh down the road
so we've spoken about quarters we've
spoken about adjacency bonuses uh we've
spoken about buildings uh I think that's
pretty much it that that pretty much
summarizes uh this the I guess the last
component of city building and this is
probably a bit more of a general tip but
it's about building what is important
right now so as an example I'm playing
as the Mayans and I after playing with
them a couple of times I think they
actually might be the strongest
Antiquity civilization and it might be
by far there's a couple reasons why I
think this and I'm kind of tempted to
make a video just about them because
they're absolutely crazy but the big
reason why is that this this building
here the kunar it has a base of plus
three science and then it has a further
plus two science if placed on vegetation
so that's basically just like you put
this down on vegetation and you get five
science and then on top of that it's got
a whole bunch of other things that are
just going for it uh so you you can pair
it with with the jalore which obviously
gives you that additional bonus that
we've talked about uh but what this does
is typically whenever you would want to
uh research uh something in the tech
tree uh that's science that you're
contributing so here as an example if I
want to get to ride I need to use
science to get to that writing before I
can build a library but what's kind of
cool about this is you can actually use
uh your culture uh to get towards this
so you can use culture to unlock this
and what that means is because of that
I've I've got this building which means
that I don't need to make a library it's
less important for me to make a library
because the the science that I'm getting
is so strong from this I don't need to
make it so when it comes to decision
making at least in the early stages of
the game one of the key factors to look
at is what do I need right now another
important thing to note is that
warehouse buildings normal buildings and
this is something that I think will
change with time but at the moment the
way that I'm seeing it is that your
Warehouse buildings they can't be
replaced and there will be a time in in
the exploration age in the Modern Age
where you will want want to replace them
your tiles in in your cities are limited
you only have a specific amount of space
you want to put world wonders down you
want to overbuild on top of them and you
cannot overbuild on a granary you cannot
overbuild on a Brickyard so I think what
we will tend to see or trend to see at
the top level and when I say at the top
level I mean you know for the for the
real sweaty Min maxes out there people
like they will find or I suspect we will
find that they only really look to put
about one or two of these buildings down
and that's because there realistically
there's a lot that you can build if we
take a look here in in our town and keep
in mind you can build these out in the
town I don't think that's a problem at
all there's 1 2 3 4 five buildings that
we've got here six including the ancient
walls that could potentially be built uh
in the capital uh so those five
buildings now the old is a little bit
different but those five buildings uh
are contributing to messing up the
adjacencies that are going to be
happening in here so realistically I
think it's going to be an important
thing to explore for us as civilization
continues to grow uh and I I suspect
that this is going to be quite a strong
point anyway that's enough about city
building let's move on to our next point
which is about Specialists so it's turn
57 and it's time that we talk about
Specialists there are a lot of
components to Specialists so we're going
to roll over this turn Delight we're
going to complete for the first time
this game currency and currency is going
to give us one specialist limit in all
cities now the way that Specialists work
in Civ 7 is quite different from Civ 6
the way that it works is you can
allocate a specialist to any single tile
that has got an urban District on it
you're not able to put that specialist
on or rather on a uh yeah you're not
able to put on a rural District only on
the urban district and what's particular
about this is you you can have one
specialist on each of these tiles and
then that's it's locked out until you
increase the specialist limit of the
city now there's a couple of ways that
you can do that if you want to go up to
two Specialists up to even three
specialists in the same city on those
same tiles you can do that I'll show you
how first up uh you'll need to go for a
very specific one there's only one of
them in the game that you'll be able to
grab the ankor wat so plus one
specialist limit in this settlement
that'll allow you to put two on the same
tile and then the third one is going to
be in your leader attributes if we go
over to our expansionist tree and scroll
down we have plus one specialist limit
in all cities but minus one settlement
limit uh and this allows you to go up to
three on the same tile now you might be
wondering okay why the heck would you
want to go for three Specialists on the
same tile and the reason why is because
the Specialists modify the adjacency
bonuses an integral part of
understanding how a specialist works is
understanding adjacency bonuses so every
building has got a base yield as an
example the garden that we've put down
on this tile here has got a base yield
of three food if we take a look at it in
the
civilopedia and look at the Garden it's
got a base of three food and then it
gets plus one food for its each of its
adjacent yields and the spe The
Specialist amplifies this so if we were
to put the specialist in here you would
see that it I can tell you right now it
is going to give one 2 3 four bonus uh
to or bonus ticks uh The Specialist has
a multiplier or or an amplifier of uh .5
so basically for each adjacency bonus
you get. five so where the garden gets 1
2 3 4 The Specialist would get .5 1 1.5
and two so effectively half the
adjacency bonus so let's jump in and
have a look you can see there is the
plus two food now the base yields on a
specialist are two science and two
culture you'll get them anywhere that
you take them and anything more than
that is part of the adjacencies now for
us we've got a lot of Happiness once
again because we're a shoker so just
ignore that happiness component for now
uh one Happ one piece of happiness that
you shouldn't ignore is the minus two
happiness you'll get that with with all
of your Specialists there are ways that
you can mitigate specialist happiness uh
so if we take a look once again in the
expansionist tree uh and you have plus
15% food and happiness towards
maintaining Specialists or 30% if you
have three or fewer cities so that will
reduce the cost of happiness for your
Specialists so we've talked about
adjacency and base yield let's talk
about maximizing the bonuses that you
get from Specialists so part of the
reason why stacking up buildings on the
same tiles that have got the same
adjacency bonuses so as an example with
currency being completed uh we're now
able to build a market and if we built
this market so the market has a base of
two yield if we were to build this
Market just on this tile out here it's
going to get that base of two yield but
it doesn't get any adjacency now we can
put a specialist in there but it's not
going to give the same is as if we were
going to put that market into this tile
which gives that base two and then gives
plus one 2 3 4 so it will give us 4 * uh
0.5 equals it gives half the adjacency
sorry uh so it would be two uh that
you'll be you'll be getting so it's a
significant difference between these two
and what makes this so special so let
let's go ahead we'll put the market down
here uh I'm just trying to think do we
have anything that we can like compare
it to you you'll have to trust me on
this one I mean I I can show you if you
want to have a look at the The
Specialist uh it uh does it say it in
here yeah uh so basically you've get 0.5
adjacency bonus that's essentially it so
and it's just multiplying the existing
adjacency bonus that is there uh doesn't
it's not Amplified through any buildings
it's just Amplified through the actual
uh bonus of the building or the
adjacency bonus of of itself but as an
example let's take a look and put the
market on this tile and that's going to
give us some very nice yields and now
when we put the specialist in there
you'll see just how beautiful that gets
to food to to science uh two culture two
gold and Four Happiness uh which is two
of that is going to be a component of a
shoker if I remember correctly uh so
it's quite a bit of uh bonus that you
get so if you were to compare that to
some of the other bonuses so as an
example like this one here two science
two culture and one happiness there's a
lot of difference between these two so
if you can stack up Specialists on a
single tile all of a sudden it becomes a
very attractive thing to do now I will
also provide a caveat and this is very
important that you hear this uh there is
currently a bug in the current version
of the game I know that the developers
are aware of it and they are looking to
fix it I don't know when it will be
fixed but when it rolls over hey uh this
is editing drungo here you can see I'm
editing the video at the moment uh we're
going to be cutting this part of the
video out because they literally just
released a patch uh that fixed this
issue so you don't have to worry about
the Specialists anymore uh we can we can
go back to using them because it's a key
component of the game they're very fun
to play with you can get some crazy
adjacency bonuses on them uh and there's
a lot of different ways that you can
amplify them uh through other bonuses so
if we take a look down through code of
laws and under the Mastery for code of
law uh it gives a plus one culture for
Specialists there's all different Civ
specific bonuses uh you can also get
some bonuses I don't know whether we can
see them in the challenges uh but under
the leaders yeah so there like
confucious has a bonus where he gets
plus one science for specialist another
one which is like plus one culture and
gold on specialist so there's a whole
bunch of different specialist bonuses
that you can get but pretty much that uh
that summarizes specialist at the moment
in their their current form okay it's
turn 74 and it's time that we talk about
roads now before we do that just take a
look at these specialist tiles
unfortunately while they do look very
juicy we do unfortunately lose them in
the next era but uh let's talk a little
bit about roads and about what roads do
how they work why they work and I'll be
honest I'm kind of dreading talking
about roads just because they are very
complicated there's a lot that you need
to know about it and we'll start at the
very top what is a road a road serves as
a connection from a town uh to another
town or a town to a city or just in
general between two settlements and the
whole idea of that road is that by
having that connection you're going to
be able to send food on it now that's
not the only way that you can send food
you can also send food uh by water you
can send it by through cargo but the
main focus here is just going to be on
the road itself so a road is going to
form when two settlements that are
within 11 tiles of each other so that's
if you're counting from the city center
so if I was to count from the city
center uh it would be 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 as long as I've got a city that's
placed on this tile or any tile along
this this line uh that would be within
11 tiles of that City then that would
form a Road between it however it
doesn't always form a road uh with that
uh with that settlement because there
may be a settlement that is closer and
that's one of the issues that you have
as an example uh here we've got my the
the city of bak and we've also got the
town of khah and the town of Copan and
when we put Khan down uh we put this
down after we' put down Copan and the
road formed and as you can see the road
goes over to Copan uh so there's one two
2 3 4 tiles to Copan and there's 1 2 3 4
tiles to the capital and if we take a
look at KH right now and take a look at
the food that it's delivering you'll see
that it is delivering 100% of its food
to Copan so even though both cities are
the exact same amount of tiles away 1 2
3 4 1 2 3 4 even though this technically
was a town at the time that it was
formed and this is like this looks like
a perfect triangle to me uh the game
doesn't agree the game doesn't think
that there should be any food that goes
to this city and the truth is I don't
know why sometimes it does it sometimes
it doesn't work and I've I've tested
with this uh extensively and i' it's
only blown my mind even more and I want
to avoid getting too off topic here but
like as an example okay uh if we've got
one settlement here and one settlement
here and I put a settlement in between
them the road has connected through to
both of them sometimes and sometimes
it's connected to just the city and then
sometimes uh I found that if I move it
closer to this city it will connect to
this one and it just I I couldn't find
any Rhyme or Reason so I'll do my best
to sort of give you some general uh
rules that you should try and follow and
and things that you can do but normally
this is part of the reason why uh
earlier on in the video I gave the
advice that you should always typically
opt for the one inone rule one city and
one town and that town should be close
to the city it should be feeding into it
directly and it's specifically because
of this because if you wanted this food
to feed into bark and this wasn't a city
if this was a town and this was not a
city this food would be going nowhere
this food would not be going anywhere
because the the connection to the city
must be direct it must be immediate
there cannot be any drop offs now
sometimes you'll see that roads so this
road may have connected into the middle
and sometimes you you just can't tell
visually but sometimes it will go and
connect to this city uh through with
that road and sometimes it won't connect
to that City so the best thing that you
can do in this situation is if you've
got a town that you want to connect up
to a city through a road uh once you've
put that road down ideally in most
circumstances you want to make it so
that it is closer to the settlement that
you want to connect it to uh but then
what you can do is if your town is on a
growing Focus like this and okay I want
to specialize all you're going to do is
change it over to your specialization uh
and then what you can do is check the
town details you might need to like go
out of it and then come back in check
the town details and then it will tell
you the city that it is being sent to
and by the same token you can then go to
that City and look at this the food that
it is receiving now I mentioned earlier
about the fact that you might want to
have this food sent to other cities now
that is possible so as an example this
one here is four tiles away so what we
can do is we can take a merchant uh
which is a unit that will unlock for you
if we go into the tech tree for the
Civics it will unlock a code of laws so
you'll get one for free but you can also
train these you can also purchase them
from your cities or from your towns so
here it takes one turn but it's also
going to cost 260 gold and with this
Merchant I can go and run it to the
other leaders or I can do a road to a
settlement and when I do this road it's
going to do a couple of things but the
most important thing is that it is now
going to start sending that food so now
that the road has been connected and I
click on KH you'll see that it has now
connected to bark so this whole time
prior to the road being connected it
wasn't sending the food down here uh and
it means that look if this was a town
and this food wasn't being sent anywhere
cuz that that's what will happen if you
do set the specialization to farming
town and it doesn't have a connected
City and when I say connected I mean
like quite literally connected if it
doesn't have that connection it will not
actually send that food into the uh into
the the city even if there's like a city
on the network right like if bark is
down here and uh Copan is is like along
the line it won't do it so as an example
if we look at caliko which right now is
not receiving any food from anybody
except for kakore and if we try and
connect that so if we go and a road and
we say okay what if we connect this road
over to bark and maybe that will allow
it to get the food from Khan and the
answer is no it won't you won't see any
food there and that's because bark is
going to be intercepting all of that
food and it's going to be eating all of
that food for itself so how can you get
around this because as an example we
really want calic M to get uh to get big
to get fat uh so the best option that
you've got is to have other feeders
other feeder towns that will feed into
calak mile uh the second option is water
and Coastal and and settling Coastal
really solves a lot of these troubles so
as an example right here to Carl we've
got it currently set to go for an in a
growing town and one of the issues that
we're going to have is that there's no
direct connection to the city of bark
and because we've got chiten Itza that's
in the way it's going to prevent that
food from going through even though it's
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 nine tiles away from
bark the road still won't classify as a
connection however because it's on the
water it doesn't matter it does not
matter whatsoever we can just go and do
the town focus and you'll see that it
will be happily sending uh to bark oh
gosh don't don't do me like this don't
don't do me like this hold on have I got
everything set up correctly it should be
oh gosh this I tell you what I told you
I didn't want to talk about about
roads give me a second here folks why is
it not sending oh gosh this is hilarious
okay uh that that's actually funny it it
should be sending uh I think it might
just be bugged right now I'm going to
try and reset it let's see if that
worked bear with I I don't know why it's
not sending this should be sending it
it's got an absolutely clear route to
send it so it is bugged uh if we take a
look here at Cobra uh Cobra is growing
okay all right this I'm I'm starting I'm
not even kidding you I'm starting to get
uh a a little bit uh flustered right now
so there's no connection no direct
connection to COBRA uh if we purchase a
merchant we should be able to next turn
we should be able to purchase or we
should be able to get a connection down
to this so you can see that we can get a
connection which means there's no Road
connection so technically all right
let's test it right now in front of you
guys uh I'd already tested it so I
thought we were fine uh we'll go fishing
growth and we'll have a look and see
where it's sending its food so it's
sending it to Buck so this is what I'm
saying where it's just like you got to
be so there's look we're still early on
in civ7 I suspect this kind of bug is
going to be ironed out eventually uh but
just just to like clarify look there is
no Road connection to Coba uh it is it
is not connected at all like the same
way that we weren't connected up here oh
gosh this is quite funny uh but you can
see that is definitely sending that in
and of course you can do the road
connection it's not going to make a
difference it'll form the actual Road
here uh but uh we're still sending over
to Bar uh so that that's essenti I I
told you I didn't want to talk about
roads this is why I didn't want to talk
about roads it it's just it it still
needs a little bit of bug fixing and by
a little bit I mean a lot anyway let's
move on to our our seventh and final
point which is overbuilding okay we're
here on turn number one of the
exploration era we've just made it
through the age of antiquity we've
chosen our new civilization and now
we're faced with this question what the
hell is overbuilding and what should I
do about it so when you load in you'll
see that we still have the yields for
our Specialists but as soon as you
choose your legacies these yields are
going to go away and the trouble is if I
was to show you you know like oh if we
were to talk about the bizaar which is
like a market replacement in the um in
the Age of Exploration it would show you
all the bonuses there uh whereas on once
uh we spend our points so we we we
actually did all of the Legacy Parts in
the last age uh I'm not even going to
spend any of them actually do do we I'm
just thinking right now uh for the
purpose of overbuilding right now let's
just grab uh let's grab the py Civic for
free uh just just for the purpose of
overbuilding Okay so we've now lost our
specialist as you can see there's no
culture there's no science anymore on
this tile it used to be a crazy yield
and now it's gone back to nothing so
let's talk about overbuilding let's talk
about how it works uh and about uh why
it's actually a really fun mechanic so
for overbuilding the most important
thing is you don't overthink it it's
actually pretty straightforward uh
whenever you move on to the age it's or
to the next age it's going to limit the
yields on your tiles previously so as an
example in the last era we had a
blacksmith and an academy that were on
this tile and they were getting
absolutely crazy yields but it brings it
back it dials it in and all of a sudden
you're only limited to two two of each
yield two production coming from the
blacksmith and two science coming from
the academy now what's interesting to
note is that this is per yield so if
you've got a building that provides
multiple yields as an example a monument
which provides a yield to your culture
as well as to your influence then you'll
see as an example right here it's still
providing that culture influ or that uh
that uh the culture and influence uh
which means that these buildings are a
little bit more important than the other
one so our first golden rule is avoid
putting or avoid overbuilding on
buildings that give you influence
influences are hard to come by uh
resource so the more of it that we've
got the better uh there will be
buildings that lose access to their
influence so for example in the last age
we had the altars that were giving
influence you will lose your Pantheon
when you come into the next age so it
means that your Pantheon uh is or your
altar is no longer useful it doesn't
serve any purpose uh so you can build
over the top of it now there are some
buildings that you can build over the
top of and some buildings that you
cannot build over the top of uh any
normal building so any warehouse
building so Granary saw pit Brickyard uh
your fishing uh key you are not going to
bu be able to uh overbuild on top or
overbuild on top of you're not going to
be build able to overbuild with uh
you're not going to be able to overbuild
on the unique District either uh but you
will be able to overbuild on pretty much
everything now another thing to note is
that the reason why I say don't
overthink over building is all the
adjacencies are pretty much the same
right like in in the last era our food
and our gold buildings went on the same
tile because they both benefit from the
same adjacency bonuses so when it comes
to this era and I want to put down a
gold building where am I going to put it
I'm just going to put it on the Gold
Tile because that's it and it's going to
replace it and I'm not going to have to
think about it and you might be
wondering okay but what if I've got a
better yield what if there's a better
yield somewhere else is it is it worth
well it could be but there's another
thing to consider remember that every
building that you've got has got
maintenance fees on it you pay a
happiness fee for some you pay a gold
fee for others and you can check that in
the building Brak down here so if we
just scroll down slowly we'll see that
the bath as an example has a two gold
and two happiness maintenance fee this
was the same in the Antiquity age and
it's the same right now so if anything
this bath that was previously giving
like a plus seven food bonus and it's
now only giving a plus two food bonus I
want to get rid of it I don't want I
don't want this bath being here this is
this is a bad investment this is a bad
deal I want this out of here so I'm
incentivized to get that bath out of
here now of course it's still providing
a bonus so it means that maybe if I've
got an empty tile somewhere and I I
determine that that bonus is worth
keeping that I I keep it but
overbuilding is something that you
should be actively looking to do and
it's something that you you should find
quite simple uh once you understand the
adjacencies because remember that
throughout each of the ages the
adjacencies will be the same your
monuments your amphitheaters are always
going to throughout the I should say
rather your happiness buildings your
culture buildings will always have a an
adjacency bonus to mountains so you're
always going to want to have them near
those mountains irrespective of the era
uh and your food your gold buildings are
always going to have that River bonus
your production your science buildings
will always have a uh a bonus towards
your resources now resources is the next
point that we want to talk about here
for adjacencies because this is quite an
interesting one so as you go through the
ages different resources become
available but you also lose different
resources so as an example in the last
age if you go back and have a look we
had a tile here that was a wool tile a
whole bunch of sheep and it's no longer
here and that's because in the
exploration age wool's not so important
we're all heading to the Mediterranean
well not the Mediterranean we're all
heading to uh to the British Virgin
Isles to go and uh go and do some uh go
and do some exploration we don't need
wool anymore at least that that's the
way I think about it uh further to that
we don't need salt anymore I had some
salt down here I no longer have salt uh
makes me a little bit salty I guess it
makes me less salty now uh so we're
missing that as well uh further though
while you might be missing things and
there's more things that we're missing
as an example we're also missing another
tile here uh but you will gain things so
what have we gained well we've gained
whales that's something that we've
gained we've also gained over here
nigher uh and that is going to mean that
our adjacency bonus from the last age
which was only a plus one plus two
together now becomes a plus three so all
of a sudden this adjac is looking a
little bit sweeter but it does mean you
might have to think a little bit outside
the box especially for your production
buildings especially for your science
buildings and be thinking okay well can
I really put these in the same place do
I want to overbuild on them further to
that we talked about how you might want
to be keeping influence buildings around
a little bit longer or uh buildings that
provide multiple yields because they do
cap out at two but you can provide like
if if you have a building that provides
every single yield but it only provides
two of it it's not going to lose
anything uh but there are yields that
are more important than other yields so
I I would argue the most important
yields are production and science I
think that those two yields are probably
the strongest yields you can make a
pretty good argument that food and
culture are also pretty strong uh and
maybe you could make the argument I mean
to be honest they're all they're all
strong uh but I I I would just be I'd be
more hesitant to replace a production
building than I would be to replace a a
happiness building let's put it that way
uh and because of that there should be
some priority as to how it goes if if
you're thinking about okay which one
should I get rid of should it be the
happiness building or should it be the
production building it should normally
be the happiness building it should be
but at the end of the day it's it's more
more so about the yields that you're
going to be generating and less so about
what you're going to be replacing
because at the end of the day if we look
at the yields that we're pulling in from
this like plus N Gold that's absolutely
ludicrous uh so we want to be getting in
there as quickly as we can want to be
making sure that we we take advantage of
that uh other than that I I I have read
up online quite a bit about uh
overbuilding there I I I read a Reddit
thread uh and uh it was a incredibly
helpful Reddit thread so shout out to
that but there was a post in there about
uh from one person it was heavily
upvoted and they did also say uh that
there are quests that are related to
overbuilding that can happen now I
couldn't get this to work but I thought
I would just pass it along because it's
something that it it seems pretty cool
right so basically apparently there's a
quest that can happen when you build a
temple over the top of an altar so here
we've got a granary and an altar and a
granary is an ageless building you can't
overbuild it uh but you can overbuild
the altar so it means that if we
purchase this Temple and put it down
then all of a sudden that Temple has
replaced the alter uh and you can see
that uh we we do have some quests no uh
anyway I I played through about uh 20
turns uh ahead to see if this Quest
actually comes out and I never got a
quest for it so I don't know maybe he's
telling a pory maybe he's he's not maybe
he's telling the truth and I just
couldn't get it to work or maybe it's
bugged who who knows I I to be honest
I'm probably leaning a little bit more
to that one after the whole roading Road
incident uh but that's that's
essentially it um you don't keep your
specialist so you're going to have to
put them back in and just remember like
look have a look at this we're at 28
turns to our next specialist it's quite
a while but to be fair none of these
towns are actually feeding in yet once
they all start feeding in then we're
going to be trickling in these
Specialists and these Specialists I mean
if we take a look here uh I'm I'm kind
of tempted to do it right now just bear
with me a second and I I'll show you
let's let's feed in every single Town
into our Capital we can't do that one uh
oh by the way another little tip for you
something I love to do as you get closer
to the end of the age and you know how
you've got that settlement limit that
you can't really go over how you you
know you're kind of stuck to like six or
seven or eight or what whatever that
number might be and you want to try and
push the the 12 so what you do is you
just get a whole bunch of settlers out
in places that they can settle and then
on the very last turn as the game's
about to roll over you put all of the
towns down all of the all of them down
at the same time and that's how you get
to the 12 that's that's a cheeky little
tip that's something I like to do all
right so I think we've connected all of
these bad boys in uh and let's have a
look and see okay so we got five turns
to go so let's just have a quick look at
our specialist here we are it's telling
us that we can allocate it's okay we'll
we'll just keep rolling over until we
can actually get the capital and you can
have a look at just how strong these
Specialists are I don't know whether are
we able to unlock a food building here
we've got the warf and here we've got
the Grist Mill but that's just that's an
ageless building so that's not going to
give us the actual bonuses that we want
that's okay all right so let's go ahead
and put that guy in and that one in and
we've probably got a couple more to get
through that's another one of my little
complaints is that you can't uh you
can't choose which city you want to grow
you have to go through the order uh so
you can see that this specialist is
going to be providing a plus three bonus
and that is because we've got a higher
adjacency uh from the uh from the bizaar
that's gone in there so if we take a
look at the bazaar uh the bazaar has got
a plus one uh gold for each adjacent
navigable river tile Coastal terrain and
wonder uh so I I guess it's over the
back here as well so we're getting
adjacency bonuses from pretty actually
we're getting six adjacency bonuses from
all of this so that's that's definitely
feding into that specialist bonus so
specialist going to be very happy he's
getting every single tile there uh so we
definitely want to stack on that other
than that though that's overbuilding
hopefully you've enjoyed this video uh
I've tried to be as thorough as I
possibly can if you've got any feedback
make sure you leave it down below if you
think that I missed anything uh I
probably have and I do apologize we're
still early in this civ7 uh journey and
and uh look as we go on further we'll
understand more of it and uh and
hopefully this has contributed to that
knowledge uh but if you've got any
questions chck them down below if you've
enjoyed the video please leave a like
and of course if you're looking forward
to more civ7 content make sure you hit
that subscribe button because there is
always time for one more turn