welcome to a civilization 7 guide on
mastering the first 50 turns of Civ 7
today we're playing Ben Franklin as the
Greeks and we'll be playing on the DIY
difficulty on standard speed this is a
normal spawn that we've got nothing too
crazy we're going to be going through
absolutely everything you need to know
over the first 50 turns and some of the
best practices you can look to implement
through your playthroughs we're going to
be playing a little bit slower because
we are on that standard speed compared
to something like an online or a quick
speed but we're still going to be able
to progress relatively quickly through
the game one thing to note is that every
Leader's got different bonuses and
Benjamin Franklin is no exception for
Benjamin Franklin today we are going to
have bonuses mainly towards our science
as well as our production buildings so
we'll be keeping an eye out on that and
just sort of giving you guidance
wherever we go through this game but a
couple of other caveats are that we're
not going to be looking to play a
warmongering campaign in this game this
is going to be more focused on the macro
more focused on getting set up in these
first 50 turns and trying our best to
convert the land that we've got around
us into the most productive uh land
possible so let's take a look at our
starting spawn here so we'll turn our
yields on and one of the biggest things
that you'll notice is that we have a
desert towards the north now we could
look to play into something like Petra
here which increases the yields of our
gold or of our desert by giving it gold
giving it production but it doesn't give
us a whole lot of growth in fact there
is pretty much no growth up here
whatsoever but I do see growth down here
and that is through the navigable river
so naturally a navigable river is going
to extend somewhere in this region by
judging by the the way that it snakes
like this and because of that we'll look
to expand down towards this direction
we'll want to make sure that we utilize
our settle lenss and do take advantage
of any fresh water now one thing to note
is that when you settle off fresh water
you're going to be losing happiness so
even though you'll have uh base
happiness that'll be on your founder and
then on your capital city you'll
actually lose it after a couple of turns
it's I I don't know exactly how it works
just yet I still need to do a bit more
testing on it but the general theory at
the moment is just to avoid uh avoid
sett off uh off fresh water for the
moment so we've got even though we're
not technically on the river tile we've
got adjacency from the navigable river
here which gives us the fresh water so
we'll go ahead and settle here this is a
decent little spot so we'll go ahead and
plant down now we are playing the Greeks
which means that we're going to have
access to influence a little bit more so
just to talk a little bit about the
Synergy that we've opted for today
Benjamin Franklin has the ability to
have two Endeavors of the same type
active at a time which means that you'll
be wanting to send out more Endeavors
and because of that plus three influence
per turn on the p is a huge bonus the
the standard is only having 10 per turn
that puts us up to 13 on top of that the
momentos that we've chosen today are
further going to synergize with that
I've just gone for some really simple
ones nothing too far down the tech tree
we're going to start with one extra
social policy slot and we're also going
to get one Diplomat attribute point so
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to
put that Diplomat attribute point in I
want to pick up an extra influence so
now we've got 14 influence a turn that
is going to be carried over and that's
going to mean that we can take advantage
of Ben Franklin's uh Endeavor bonus a
little bit more of often throughout the
game so now that we've got our settling
location we're obviously pretty happy
with this and we can indeed see that the
navigable river looks to snake around
somewhat like this uh and because of
that it means that we can actually grow
off this so our primary concern was
towards the North and not having growth
and if we move or stay in place or even
if we move away there is a risk that we
don't have that growth and growing in
the early game is incredibly important
making sure that we've got access to Big
tiles so the fact that we've got the
cowl in here is going to be very helpful
but my main focus is going to be getting
a key set up just so we can take
advantage of this navigable river
because we can get some really good
yields on this River throughout the game
for our first production we'll be taking
our Scout which is pretty stock standard
I would always advise to go with your
scout and we complete agriculture so now
we've got our first growth and you might
be tempted to move into the silk on a
start like this because it's providing
culture it's also an extra 10% culture
but you got to remember that this
provides a 10% culture bonus to your
city and if we take a look at our city
at the moment uh if we have a look in
resource allocation you'll see that
we're producing zero culture even though
we've got 10 culture per turn coming
through that's 10 culture that's coming
in per turn that's just given to our
Empire it's not actually given uh to to
our city specifically so we'll go ahead
we'll que up a second Scout I think the
standard opening in almost every single
game uh should be a three Scout opening
uh so one of the things that we'll do is
we'll look down towards the South and
you can see we've got an ice wall down
here so that means that we're down on
the south side of the map you can also
kind of tell by the desert the fact that
there's always typically going to be
desert and tropical towards the center
and there's the ice wall towards the
north so the main decision that we're
going to be looking to make here is
where do we send our Scout and naturally
we're going to send them up to the north
and we want to try and get as much reach
as we can on these and we've spotted out
a campfire to the north now we've got a
growth option uh we want to get out to
this C in now we could look to abuse or
I say abuse but we could look to try and
resettle uh down for the Cen but we're
going to want to pick up this tile
anyway uh so we're not even going to
bother doing that're we're just going to
go straight in for it uh and for anyone
wondering what I'm talking about it's
just the The Granary trick you can
basically evicted citizen uh we don't
need to do that here just it it it
doesn't make a whole lot of sense now
next up uh it's our first technology so
all three of these Technologies are
really important to us uh the main thing
that we're going to be looking for is
what tiles are we working right now and
the answer is going to be fishing boats
now we are going to be on the cow in
shortly which is going to be a different
bonus but right now we're on the on the
the fishing boats so we can look to get
that bonus that's going to give us
additional food but one thing to note is
leading more into that bonus from
Benjamin Franklin he does get bonus
production towards production buildings
so with the fishing technology we don't
actually have any production buildings
in here we've got access to the key
which is a warehouse building but it's
not a production building and then under
Pottery we've got the Brickyard we've
also got the sawpit under animal
husbandry so we might opt to head down
towards these ones and I think moving
down onto uh on onto Pottery could make
the most sense cuz it will actually
unlock that Brickyard for us and it'll
also provide plus one production to our
clay pits and we're going to have a
lovely Clay Pit down here shortly and if
we take a look we've only got four turns
of production until our uh next citizen
comes out and that is going to uh
justify us doing that so we'll go ahead
and pick up our very first option here
uh from our goody Hut so we can take 50
damage and take 60 culture or we can
have 50 happiness towards the
celebration now one of the key things to
note early on in civ7 culture is very
powerful because it allows you to get to
your Pantheon a lot sooner so at the
moment we're researching Chie we want to
go into mysticism first in pretty with
every pretty much every every single
leader you want to go into mysticism
first there's an exception on maybe if
you're like playing Trung track with
Rome then you would go for the free army
Commander first but generally moving
into mysticism is always going to be the
right play and taking a huge amount of
culture like this is going to speed us
up a massive amount so we are definitely
going to take that even if we take the
damage it's not a huge loss for us we
can always heal up a little bit later
we've got a wreckage right here so we're
just going to jump onto that and we've
got another option culture and happiness
versus gold even though the gold might
be nice we're going to go ahead and take
that culture the sooner we get the
culture the better because you've got to
remember when it comes to our momentos
as well this is this is uh specific to
to the game that we're playing we start
with one extra social policy slot so the
sooner that we get to our uh social
policy slot the better it's going to be
and so that's going to be next turn
we're now going to be able to put a
social policy in but because we've got
the extra social policy slot we are now
able to put both of these in we don't
even need to make the decision on which
one we're going to pick uh now normally
you would have to make the decision as
to which one you're going to pick in
this scenario generally the best way to
do that is to sort of look look at your
uh look at your town and go okay you
know how much is that one production
really going to change my life right now
and the answer is is typically a lot
unless you start off with some really
nice production tiles around your town
that's going to make a lot of sense
additionally maybe you're very keen to
rush a Pantheon maybe you're going for a
specific strategy so you could look uh
to potentially go into that extra
culture to unlock that Pantheon faster
now for today's playr we're not going to
be looking at the Greek unique uh
bonuses just because we want to try and
keep this as general as we possibly can
so we're not going to be playing into
any of these bonuses here at all we're
going to stick in the Antiquity age and
we'll just give you a little bit of a
run through on what our plans are so
we're going to start off with mysticism
from there we'll come down to discipline
after we've gone into discipline we
might look to come up and get the
Mastery for mysticism just for the plus
two food in all settlements this is
quite powerful and then after that we'll
then go into code of laws which is going
to give us access to the merchant from
here it also gives us access to oratory
which is quite powerful the plus two
influence per turn which is a social
policy slot and then from here we'll
probably look to play into citizenship
entertainment or organized military all
three of these are really good the
entertainment and organized military
both give an extra settlement limit
which is going to help us expand in the
early game and we want to have as many
settlements as we possibly can without
going over the limit too much and then
citizen is going to give us access to
the we young Palace which is a plus six
influence which is just going to further
synergize with our whole strategy here
so our first government has come up and
you can never really go wrong with
oligarchy uh just to talk a little bit
about them depending on what strategy
you're going for will depend on which
government you want to play into perhaps
you're playing uh HP and you want to add
in some more uh production on wonders
then classical Republic is going to make
sense maybe you're going for a Science
Focus strategy even though we do get
science bonuses that's not our focus our
Focus here is going to be oligarchy some
great bonuses to the early game with
production on buildings as well as food
so I would recommend this in pretty much
like 99% of cases it's just going to
make a lot of sense now one thing to
note is that we're scouting towards the
north of the map here we we know that
there's going to be a lot up here and
we've got a decision do we go left or do
we go right and I'm going to opt to go
right here because our second Scout
going to be coming out shortly and we're
just going to send him down this left
route and by doing that you know we'd
have this scout instead doubling over
onto this and then that way we're kind
of looking at at uh at free tiles uh
that we're getting with this scout
instead so that's the way I'm going to
think about it and we'll continue moving
forward here our Scout going to make his
way through so we could look to try and
take advantage of our search function
and that basically because we're at a
Crossroads here we don't really know
where to go that will give us a better
idea on where we can go so we've got
we've unlocked a couple of uh of our uh
little goody Huts so we've got a
wreckage that we can choose from or
we've got an encampment that we can
choose from and I'm going to opt for the
encampment just because it is more
likely to have culture just because it's
purple and I'm 99% sure that should be
the way that it goes so what we'll look
to do is I think we'll come through this
way uh and then that should give us the
guarantee on the next turn hopefully
nobody else picks it up we can now grow
uh so we're going to go straight down to
the cin and that is going to give us
three food one happiness and if we check
out resources that's also going to give
us the additional two food so we grow
coming strong here early on our second
Scout is out and one of the things I
like to do with my second Scout is just
to do a search just in the in the the
main capital and that's actually going
to give you some Vision down here so you
know okay you want to come down here you
want to collect this but we're not going
to do that with the second Scout we're
actually going to do that one with the
third Scout uh because I I think one of
the key differences between civ7 and Civ
6 is just by having this ability it can
almost guarantee that you're going to
find Value from your Scouts uh so we're
going to look to head out over this way
and we can see looks like we might
actually be on the edge of the continent
continent here which is great uh from a
defensive perspective uh because it
means that we are we're not in the
middle and we've got another opportunity
we can't actually take this one so it
doesn't even really matter what it is to
gain the earliest available technology
and even if we could do this I don't
know if I would actually take this
mainly because our earliest available
technology is animal husbandry Pottery
or sailing and we've already invested a
significant amount into Pottery and
there's a risk that we do this and it
just gives us Pottery anyways so it
would be a bit of a risk so you know
we'd be looking at losing 100 gold here
for potentially only three turns of
science if Pottery was actually
completed and we had you know just just
between these two then it would
definitely be a reasonable option but
for us today we're just going to go
ahead we'll take the gold it makes the
most sense and now oh that is so loud
that is so damn loud apologies to your
ears uh they hurt it hurt mine as well
jeez Louise that's loud isn't it uh okay
so let's uh continue up with the Scout
so we're going to look to come down onto
this position so if we just math it out
you can see it's going to be one and
then two and then three down here so we
don't get any free ones in I'm trying to
look at a potential way that we could
come in from the north doesn't look like
a one then two then three yeah so this
is always going to be the best route and
we want to try and prioritize that as
quickly as we can and now we continue
moving up and we found ourselves some
cotton so this is quite nice we've also
got a volcano and we've got this is this
is looking like a great expansion spot
already just because we've got the uh
the fresh water here so that's going to
be quite powerful for us in the early
game uh let's we're just going to move
straight onto This Ti we're not too fast
we're almost certainly second this is
this is beautiful we are definitely
going to be taking that it can be a bit
dangerous though because we've got the
uh volcano here so we might have to
think oh it's actually this is this is
quite a tough settup because the only
freshwater tiles if we take a look at
the lens the only two freshwater tiles
that you've got are both adjacent to the
volcano and that means that there's
going to be eruptions around now there's
ways that you can mitigate that which
we'll talk about as we get closer to it
uh but for the moment uh o okay all
right that is a bit different uh a
little bit more interesting so we could
come in for this but we're already at
low Health here so I'm just going to
back away gently and this is sort of
like the this is the whole the cost
right you you you took this early uh you
took this early goody Hut and now
because of that you can't really
challenge this so I'm going to heal up
just for a couple of turns and then
we'll come in cuz there's always a risk
that like a Slinger spawns and then it
just attacks you and just one shots you
so you do need to be very cautious of
that so we'll continue moving up over at
this time and we've definitely got a bit
of isolation here we haven't met anybody
yet and we've got another option do we
go into to our cult I I think we almost
certainly take the silk here we could
look to potentially take something else
but I think the silk is going to make
the most sense it's just going to
guarantee that that growth continues
growing uh we're at 11 so that's going
to push us from 11 up to 14 so that is a
really nice difference that we're we're
able to take and the extra culture is
great right you go from 12 to 13 culture
might not seem like a lot but it
definitely starts to add up so we can
look at sailing for plus one food here
as well animal husbandry we haven't
moved out over onto this tile yet so I
think sailing's probably a smart choice
and we just met oh my lord it's so I I
don't know why that's so loud I
apologize I I could probably turn it
down but you can see it's actually
giving us bonuses throughout the
entirety of this River here look at look
at this tile 2 plus two like these are
these are incredibly good tiles so we're
going to thank the flood but we we've
just met Harriet Tubman and now we've
got some cool
options we've got some cool options
available to us something that I really
want to talk about so we're looking to
play a macro Focus here we want to play
a safe game we want to play a slow game
we want to build up and because of that
we want to nurture our relationships we
want to be friendly with everybody we're
not looking to get aggressive at least
not yet uh this early on and one of the
biggest mistakes that you can make in
the early game would be to offer Harriet
Tubman a research collaboration
immediately and part of the reason why
is because we want her to to have the
best possible feelings towards us so it
looks like she's I don't even where
where do she come from She's Come From
like over here or something this scout
we would have spotted it so it is almost
certainly coming in from this direction
so let's uh let's just make sure we move
our Scout down here uh it's going to be
very important for us to to beat her to
the goody Hut but uh what we need to do
is we need to make sure that if we if we
take a look at her right now you'll see
that she's actually met someone already
so there's a good chance she's sent out
her agreements already her collaboration
agreements already have been sent out
that it's highly likely so on the next
turn that we uh that we have here it
will depend on whether we offer those
agreements or not because she will be
then either sending her agreements in
and we want to make sure that we've got
enough influence to accept them when we
accept those agreements that's going to
affect us positively so at the moment
we've got a plus 20 on a first meet plus
10 on a shared government and if we
support her agreement that's going to
also give her her a positive uh a
positive mindset of us uh so here we've
got I I could have actually got in a a
free Lookout there so a little bit of a
mistake for me apologies a bit rushed
and let's heal up just a couple of turns
here so we can try and snag this one out
and now we've got a decision to make so
definitely at this point uh three Scouts
is probably enough here at five uh at
five population you'll be able to to
create your first settler and knowing
that Harriet is here somewhere in this
region most likely somewhere around here
we want to try and expand to this as
quickly as we can because if she takes
this it it it like this is a great spot
okay this is going to be an amazing spot
for us and we we want to have a buffer
City in between her and us so that in
the event she does come to war with us
we've at least got a little bit of space
to play with not not to mention this is
incredibly defensible and if you ever
tried to attack a city through this it
would be almost impossible so that's one
of things to note so what are we going
to do in the five turns that we've got
before that well we've got two options
number one we can go for a Brickyard
number two we can go for a granary now
when it comes to Granary if we look at
our tiles what's our Granary actually
going to give us well if we compare The
Granary The Granary provides plus one to
Farms pastures and Plantation so we've
got a plantation already in fact I think
we might need to repair that no it's
it's working never mind uh so we've got
that as an option it's also going to
take nine turns so it doesn't really
sync up with our five turns remaining so
instead I'm going to opt for a brickyard
and we've got a 21 bonus uh that we can
put on and it doesn't really matter
where we put this down uh because it's
we're going to get the bonus everywhere
so what I might do is I might go ahead
and look to try and put that down we
might extend out our influence somewhere
maybe over in this direction I'm
thinking that I'm probably going to play
into Petra here I don't think we're
going to see it in this game but because
of that that the decision- making is
very much going to be about looking to
try and expand out so we're going to go
ahead we're going to drop it down here
it's going to take six turns for us to
build uh but it should syn up relatively
well for us uh in this early game so
let's go ahead we're going to move move
one tile up and then we'll move one tile
across and we've got an option do we go
for production or do we go for happiness
well production we're ahead by a little
bit here and if we take this production
that should bring us in line in fact
it's actually made us Eclipse uh where
our forecast is so that is absolutely
fine and we're still healing up over
here so we're up to a decent amount here
I don't think we're going to get one
shot let's move in and because there's
two I'm just I'm I'm it to me it's more
important that we actually keep the
Scout than we get this this wreckage so
I'm just going to ignore this just
because there's a second unit there now
I I think it's probably worthwhile just
just saying you know what we're not
going to bother now Harriet hasn't
offered us that research collaboration
that we wanted and unfortunately because
of that it means that she's uh we're not
going to be able to build that with her
and that's okay but we can offer it to
her let's see what she says she accepts
our research collaboration so that means
it's only going to be a plus4 bonus to
science it could have been a plus six if
she supported it but she just accepted
it so she'll get plus two science out of
that I'll get plus 4 we'll get plus4 uh
and we'll be happy with that but it
means that we've got this little stock
in the bank because remember if we meet
any other leaders we're going to need to
have that ready to go we're going to
need to have in the back pocket some
influence there to spare and keep in
mind that that's not the only way that
you can spend it now here we'll see that
remember that when you land or when you
end your or when you uh touch a goody
Hut it's going to end your turn so we
always want to try and end our turn on
the goody Hut so we'll go ahead and
we'll use our search ability and you can
see we get absolutely everything we
actually get visioned down here and
we'll have sailing in five turns so we
can come down to this and grab the
coastal edifice I think that's what it's
called edifice edifice yeah and we'll
now jump over onto it and we can get
some more production or we can get some
more happiness now at this point we're
already like pretty damn close to this
like what are we going to do with the
extra production like realistically
we're just kind of banking it we're not
really doing anything with it so I I
don't think the happiness here is a
terrible idea so we'll go ahead we'll
take that normally I I would sort of
relegate Happiness to being pretty much
much the last thing that I would choose
uh but I think it makes sense in this
circumstance to actually do that so
we're going to come up and loop around
this looks like it's a lake uh so
because of that we'll try and loop
around back in this direction uh and see
if we can spot out Harriet and you can
see she's down towards the South and
there we go we've actually just oh I was
going to say we've grown but you can see
we've gone to five uh which is now going
to make us so that we can build a
settler but that's because we've
completed this building so our
population's gone up by one whenever you
complete a building it will go up and
we've actually got a golden age so we
can choose between food and buildings
and this is a pretty simple decision to
make at this stage of the game when it
comes to oligarchy because even though
we've got buildings that we do want to
make and we could get some really good
bonus out of of having that extra 30%
production we need to make settlers
right now we've just unlocked the
ability to do that so because of that
we're going to be missing out on that
production bonus so going into food here
makes the most sense we don't actually
have any policy slots uh and this is
sort of the consequence of taking that
momento that I was talking about where
you start with an extra policy slot is
that if you haven't unlocked anything to
slot in there then it's just kind of
sitting there it's idling out so we'll
go ahead we'll queue up a settler uh and
get started on this and we'll continue
moving looks like we've actually located
a another player it's going to be Jose
razal of the Philippines uh who is
actually playing as the mississippians
by the look of it so we'll give him a
friendly warm greeting and what we're
going to do is we're going to very
intentionally just wait uh that's
actually his Capital as well so we got
some good distance between us here I can
see a nice settlement so we've seen one
settlement is definitely here probably
this tile right here on fresh water uh
and then our second settlement is
somewhere in this region maybe here cuz
we do get fresh water from the Oasis as
well and then that's going to guarantee
that we can pick up this silk it's also
going to guarantee that we get the salt
the double dates uh which you know
double dates are always welcome where
I'm from so let's uh let's continue
commanding on our next units we're going
to move up and around in this direction
around the lake and we'll hit our
explore button there there we go we
actually spot out Tubman's uh Homeland
so I I think from here we probably just
want to move down and around is probably
going to be the best bet we could also
go up I guess that's another thing
because there's most likely uh this
continent has formed like a diamond and
because of that we do want to meet the
last uh the last player that is on it
now we could come down here but we've
still got another three turns to go uh
so I think we might just leave it for
the moment just because we've also got
this uh we've got this uh independent
people we've got our now our our
expansion that's come through so we'll
go ahead we'll click our grow City
button and this is where we've got some
good decisions that we can make so we
can play further into water here we've
got some good tiles to grow to but we
could also play into the pasture but one
thing to note is that we don't have
animal husbandry yet we don't have a
granery so we don't have a lot of
bonuses towards this tile but these two
look incredible in fact both of these
look very very nice and if we take a
look here right that extra two
production versus the one is going to
make a big difference so I think moving
out to this tile here the marsh is going
to make a lot of sense for us because
that's going to push us from eight up to
10 production and that's that's a huge
bonus and Jose Ral has now uh given us
an offering so a cultural exchange now
keep in mind if we had we're in the
fortunate position right now to have
quite a lot of influence if we were to
extrapolate this over 18 turns we've had
four extra because of our bonus from
being grease uh together with our bonus
from uh having the extra social policy
slot or the extra leader attribute slot
rather uh so here so we've had an extra
four per turn so that works out over the
course of uh 18 turns to be an extra 72
influence because of that we're actually
in a very fortunate position where we
can accept that we wouldn't be able to
do that without so we'll go ahead and do
that and on top of that this is where it
sort of gets into the whole concept of
do you actually offer this what happens
if the diamond actually ends here and
then the fourth player is down here and
you meet them and you know there's
there's the reality that they may have
spawned right here and because of that
uh if you don't have the influence to to
be nice to them it's going to cost you
it can cost you quite dearly so we're
not going to offer him that research
collaboration just yet we might let this
get a little bit higher just make sure
that we we uh we we slow it up a little
bit all right so we're going to go ahead
we're just going to move to this tire we
want to try and see is this the capital
this is the capital we can confirm so
both of these AI players and keep in
mind we are playing this on the day
difficulty both of these players are yet
to
expand and we've now got mysticism so
before I forget I'm just going to hit
this button and I am just going to do a
lookout so there is axum and uh nice
Capital actually we've got a navigable
river here for her so pretty nice
capital some wine as well so we'll
definitely look to set up a trade route
up here some great resources and let's
take a look at our native choice we can
choose between plus 25 culture plus 50
gold or we can pay 25 gold to get plus
one culture on the palace which is your
starting building this bad boy right
here and you know exactly what we're
going to do there's a good chance that
this game will run for about 130 uh
turns and then not to mention the extra
eras as well and that will continue to
last so we're definitely going to take
that plus one culture it will pay off
for us in the long run for with regard
to mysticism being complete we now go
down into discipline and look to pick up
the Army Commander that's going to be
really important for us and our Pantheon
so there's a couple of options for us
fertility rights is always the first one
to go it's unlikely you'll get these in
your games the the AI just beines for it
every single time uh We've also got the
option for Monument of the Gods another
really good one which gives you
production towards wonders god of the
sun is another great one it's very good
in civ7 in my opinion I I rate this
quite highly uh but for the strategy
that we're going today and it's another
great alar uh bonus is the city oh it's
taken it's taken I didn't even realize
it was taken I got so excited for it I
thought it was still here the city
Patron God has plus three influence on
the alter which is incredibly powerful
because with the altar you can actually
get it in all of your towns so this
becomes 3 6 9 12 15 influence and
there's not really an easy way to get
influence in civ7 so that was definitely
one of my go-to strategies but you've
obviously got a lot of pantheons here
depending on the bonus that you're going
to go for uh but I would recommend St
clear of something like God of Wisdom St
clear of where is she up here goddess of
festivals I don't think these are
particularly strong uh but uh goddess of
the Harvest quite another strong one and
God of the Sun so that's what we're
going to be opting for today God of the
Sun is great because you can just
purchase it immediately and start
getting that bonus straight away we'll
put priesthood in and we'll take a look
and see how we're doing we've got an
enemy Scout now keep in mind that well
sorry not an enemy Scout an independent
people Scout now even though it's
aggressive it's red the scouts won't be
able to attack each other in Civ 7 so it
does give you a little bit of uh a
little bit of a happy mindset knowing
that okay I can have this scout out here
on relatively
many this AOW we are getting red Redwood
forest this I mean this is the best this
is the best natural wonder there is in
the game let let's have a look at the
terrain that we've got around it just
because with this uh it's it's quite
dependent on the terrain just because if
you've got vegetated terrain nearby uh
you're going to have quite the uh quite
the bonus so it looks like there doesn't
seem to be a whole lot of vegetated
bonus or vegetated terrain but we'll
have to look to at all most likely on
this tile we'll just quickly have a
squiz yeah this is definitely going to
be the one because this one is vegetated
we could also go towards the top side
we'll have to see what we've got
available over on this side but at the
moment just judging by oh I don't know
he's kind of close you've definitely and
this is where it comes up to like the
whole idea of balancing it now How
likely is it that axom or that Harriet
Tubman comes down here and settles here
I I think it might be quite likely this
is a really nice spot she does have
other expansions but we've also got the
natural one here so I think what we
might do is we might actually train a
unit or two and then just look to try
and park them out here and just deter uh
our Filipino friend from actually uh
putting any more aggression out here so
we'll go into animal husbandry we'll
finish off with that one for the moment
and uh let's let's jump over this Lake
and see what we've got I always like to
whenever the turn finishes you can see
that it finishes on what of your units
that you need to move and then you just
move it straight away at the beginning
of the next turn it just kind of saves
you a little bit of time uh we're going
to move away from the uh the barbar
that's what I'm going to call him a
barbarian get out of here you Barbarian
and we'll utilize this ability uh so
realistically I mean this is a it's not
the best city but we've still got some
vegetation in here we might have to
scout this out we could probably there's
no there's no fresh water over there so
it's going to be a little bit harder
Let's uh let's continue moving forward
though and do we do it this is where
it's like it becomes tough you know what
I'm actually going to do we we're going
to put in another settler in the queue
could we no we don't have the gold to
purchase another settler I'm going to
put in another settler in the Que
immediately we're going to send this one
un unguarded towards this position I'm
not too fussed about this the potential
that we lose this I don't think that
we're going to lose it along here
there's not there's not many people in
the way of of hostile Independence we'll
say that uh but uh oh yeah for the
moment mainly what we now want to do is
guard this Corridor and we want to
completely guard this from uh Jose Rosal
just because there is a likelihood that
he will actually try and settle this and
we want to stop that because just
remember you can go to war with with him
right like you you can oh there we go
our fourth player you can go to war with
him hold on a minute wait I don't want
to I don't want to lose this scout why
can't I click this scout I don't know
what's happening here it could just be
because we we've met
confucious so we'll give him a friendly
we want to be friends with him he's got
some lovely bonuses for us he's got some
uh some research himself we can actually
see uh how many people has he met he's
met everybody else he's also unfriendly
which is great we love that Foster that
Nega oh that's not mine that's why I'm
trying to I'm trying to click
is that confucious yeah that's
confucious I'm trying to click
confucious is Scout oh gosh don't worry
don't worry guys it's daily difficulty
but we might not be uh da difficulty
ourselves uh so we want to really move
up and kind of nestle ourselves in this
Valley and just make sure that we're
going to stop any potential expands that
come through and it looks like we've got
an open border request I think taking
open borders here is always the right
choice it's free gold for you uh and uh
we'll we'll just wait on this next turn
and just see if we get any offerings
through from confucious it doesn't look
like it so we're going to go ahead we
offer him the research collaboration
he's going to support it that's going to
give us plus six and now because we've
actually met him let's check where all
of our other re our other tchs are at we
might just leave this for the moment
even though we could offer him another
uh festival or actually I don't really
like this one to be honest uh so it's
it's happiness for cities and look I
like being happy but it's really not
that important for me and see at at the
early stage of my game my main focus is
just making sure that I manage
relationships and I'm able to get the
resources that matter the most in the
early game which is culture and is
science so let's continue expanding out
uh we've got a couple of options as to
how we go about it we could look to come
down here uh or we could look to move up
and I think this is probably a decent
spot cuz once we get a granary as well
this is going to push this even further
uh so that that's quite a nice tile at 3
and one uh we do have the two and one
down here I'm I'm just going to go with
the 3 and one though we'll we'll stick
it out up there and let's continue
moving up he there's a good chance
actually I don't know whether he's
scouted this out
but we'll continue we'll continue paying
attention and it looks like we've got
another tent camp down here so we'll
make sure that we move in and remember
that we finish our turn here we' also
met taruga uh but we'll finish our turn
here and then that way we can just come
over straight away let's take a look
what have we got in regard to our
options so we're a science focused
civilization and this is going to be
dependent on the civilization that
you're playing in the way that you're
playing in the early game but just a
general idea on where you want to go for
Tech is you want to pick up all three of
these Technologies it doesn't have to be
in any specific order then masonry is
really good because it provides you the
access to the monument and also the
Mastery for masonry is quite good as
well cuz it's extra production on your
production buildings now for us we get
bonuses for production buildings uh so
that's going to be really important for
us to take advantage of here as Benjamin
Franklin but in the games that you're
playing maybe not as Ben Franklin it's
going to be less important irrigation is
an important Tech because it gives you a
settlement limit but we're not really at
the stage here where going for that
settlement limit means anything to us
because we're still sitting at 1 out of
three uh so at the top of your screen
you you can see one out of three so
that'll take that'll give us definitely
our fourth settlement but for me we've
also got riding as an option but the
fact that we've got not only do we have
the scientific uh bonuses that we're
giving out to people the research
collaborations we've got two of them
that that's our whole bonus that we can
have two Endeavors of the same type
active at a time and that's massive so
science is going to be less important to
me but if I was playing another Civ I
would probably be looking to focus on
writing or masonry today it's going to
be masonry I think that's definitely the
wisest choice and we're now going to be
able to settle down here beautiful
little spot uh with the volcano nearby
one thing to note is that it will it
will hurt it will it will hurt so we're
going to want to avoid putting our
buildings I just realized we've got a
second volcano oh we got two volcanoes
and a uh and a flood plane I think this
is flood planes yeah uh no that's flat
planes uh but it is a flood plane so
we're going to grow to the cotton and
one thing that I would always advise you
to do with cotton because when as soon
as your town starts working this cotton
it's going to put the cotton in the town
it's like oh yeah of course Oh wrong
button uh it's like oh yeah you know
your Cotton's in the town but just from
remember that that uh production that
it's got cuz each Cotton's got two
production on it that production is now
being turned into gold and look I like
gold I want I want to be as wealthy as
mansam Musa one day but at the moment my
main focus is production so what I'm
going to do is I'm actually going to
take that cotton sorry uh minini Town M
Town I'm not sure what the pronunciation
is uh but uh we're going to go and put
that cotton in the capital and then
that's going to give two production over
to our Capital so we go from 11 up to 13
and that's going to help us produce more
because remember that when it comes to
your town they don't have a production
queue they only have the ability to
purchase buildings one other thing that
we haven't really talked about yet is
purchasing buildings I would say avoid
purchasing buildings in your Capital
avoid purchasing uh units if possible
try and make everything and then utilize
the gold that you've got to purchase
your buildings in your satellite towns
that would be uh my suggestion on how
you play it Okay so we've kind of looped
up and around I want to come back up
towards this angle but we've got this
guy in the middle here uh so it's going
to be a bit of a hard we we'll back
around like this and then try and come
up through here but we just want to make
sure we keep an eye out on on what our
opponent is doing here let's cancel that
and actually put the lookout ability
instead gives us a little bit more of a
view uh he could be looking to try and
sneak it down this way so we might even
go ahead and just kind of cover this
angle we we'll do a little bit of a
patrol over here and I think we can move
down towards the South Side we can come
look and pick this up here and we're
going to continue to grow so we can
spend four turns of gold and get a
Spearman or we can take 50 gold this is
a this is hey this is a great trade deal
if you look at our gold I mean we're
making 17 gold a turn so you're talking
about uh realistically what is it 34 uh
68 gold uh and the 58 the 50 gold as
well so we're looking at about 120 gold
for a Spearman and if we have a look at
how much it actually costs to purchase
these things uh a hoplight to purchase
is 120 and a Spearman is a tier 2
hoplight so you better you better well
believe that we are going to absolutely
take that right now yoink and that gives
us a Spearman that's also given us
basically free production in the early
stages of the game so whenever you get
an option for a unit like this it can be
very powerful it really depends on what
you're actually giving away for it so
we're going to use our unit we're just
going to scout out around the back of
our base and we're going to be that was
that that was a great trade deal I'm
very happy with how that went Let's uh
continue scouting and we've got some
salt that we'll never actually get cuz
it's four tiles away from our capital
and we've also got our army commander
who we're just going to put to sleep for
the moment uh until we are actually
ready to move this settler out we'll
move AC cross here and I think we can
probably look to loop back up head
towards the North and we've got another
Scout down towards the South we're going
to continue expanding it looks like
we've actually got the continent's end
down here we've got a lot of land we
have got a lot of land and because of
that we want to take advantage of that
Land one of my golden rules for C7 is
that if you've got a uh if you've got
space for cities or towns you should put
those cities or towns down that's really
really important because every town that
you create it's basically for free right
as long as it's under this settlement C
it's for free you got to pay for the
production of the initial settler and
then once it comes out it's for free and
it's generating gold it's generating
income we're getting seven gold right
now from this bad boy it is it is a huge
amount of resources that are coming
through and one day this could turn into
a city so my advice is just almost
always look to try and and bring that in
uh we can also go for plus two food in
all settlements out here I think this is
probably a smart move it's only going to
take six turns for us to do that
compared to code of laws which is going
to take us 17 turns so we're going to go
ahead grab the Mastery here and let's
make make sure we Patrol back here we've
just got our Patrol on for the moment
we're just scanning for any set
potential citizens or settlers that are
looking to to settle and we're going to
now move across now that we' finished
our settler and we're going to come out
over in this direction we'll bring our
Spearman over to help as well and let's
see what we found we found Jose Ral down
here so I think he knows about this
natural
wonder and now we can now we can think
about okay where are we going from here
so in my opinion even though we've still
got a lot of buildings that we can
create and there there are some great
yields on these buildings I still think
it's more important that we get another
settler out and you might be looking at
the top here and say okay but hold on
you're already at 2 out of three when
you plant this C or this settler down
it's going to push you to three out of
three do you really want to go to four
out of three well you got to remember
that we've also got Tech that's being
researched and irrigation is going to be
a seven turn research we've got four
turns here which is 11 turns so if we've
got a settler that's seven turns that
means that we've got four turns to get
it out here and that should give us
perfect timing on that so Ju Just Once
Again
to to REM that we be three out of four
or rather we'll be three out of three
and then technically we'll be four out
of three but it doesn't happen until we
settle the city uh and so if we look at
our research we've got four turns to our
current research plus the seven to get
irrigation for the settlement limit
that's what we're looking at that
settlement limit plus one settlement
limit uh is is there uh and then of
course the seven turns plus it'll
probably take us about four turns to get
out here and even if we're down for a
little bit we'll be absolutely okay with
it all right so confucious has offered
us plus three food in towns for for both
leaders this is a great bonus I think
you should almost always look to take
this bonus in the early game there are
some bonuses that I think are great and
some bonuses that I think are less great
so your key the big ones that you want
to look for are science and culture
these are the two big ones the next one
I think uh is your uh your food gold is
also quite good you can sometimes get
gold offerings from people um and then
the less attractive bonuses are going to
be your happiness bonuses so local
Festival as an example I normally I
don't reject them but I just kind of
accept or support I don't support them
rather I just accept them uh so that's
that's one of the the other ones and
then you've got a military one as well
which gives you a bonus to your military
units and I often just kind of look the
other way when it comes to those bonuses
as well all right let's talk about
settling and where we're going to go the
computer says over here uh despite there
being no fresh water I think it's
probably putting quite a bit of weight
on this cotton but I think this is
probably better settle uh right on this
position it also means that we could
potentially look to take out C let's
have a look and see is anybody nobody's
actually befriending it at the moment so
we could kill it that's our city let's
have a look here no one's befriending it
we always just want to check and see
whether they're being befriended so here
you can see Harriet Tubman is
befriending th this uh this independent
power so what that means is that it's
not going to be aggressive forever uh if
we take a look at this one it's not
being befriended at the moment so we've
got about how many turns we've got about
six turns uh be before it becomes its
Becomes Her friend but then about 21
turns uh before I think it it it'll take
a couple of turns before she's actually
got control over it completely okay A
little bit of an edit in just here sorry
the recording software that I'm using
just crashed so we're just going to
continue on with uh with where we were
from so we're going to look to expand
out over onto this natural wonder uh the
key thing that we're going to be very
aware of is the uh the Potential Threat
of these barbarians or these independent
people that are coming in from the north
so we've got two ways that we can play
it uh with the Scout that's coming in at
the moment uh but we're going to try and
look to to keep our distance as much as
we possibly can we'll look to scout out
all areas of the map and something that
normally I don't like to do but we'll go
ahead and do it here is we're just going
to send him off into Oblivion good luck
little Scout I hope that uh I hope that
you're served well and we can already
start to see the Potential Threat of the
enemy so what I'm going to do here is
because there is a uh we've got a
warrior that's here and we saw the Scout
there's a good chance there is going to
be more Warriors that are coming through
so what we're going to look to do is
just kind of hold down this position for
now and normally I would say don't
purchase your units it's probably not a
smart idea but we need to get this
settlement down the sooner we get this
down the better because we've got a
potential risk that someone else might
be settling it so we need to rush this
bad boy as quickly as possible so we're
going to go ahead and purchase a hopl uh
and by doing that that's going to give
us a little bit more pressure up against
this uh for the moment we're probably
going to want to I I don't actually mind
taking damage here on our uh on our
units just as long as we're able to hold
this tile because that's going to allow
us to potentially come around the bottom
here uh as an alternative route cuz we
don't know how many units are going to
be coming out here but there's a risk
because this is a military city state
compared to that one we've actually is
it a military city state give me a
second here why is it is is this signal
just saying that they're all at war with
me no here's a cultural city state I'll
have to double check but it look it
looks like an angry city state let's
just put it that way so we'll just leave
these ones for now expansion uh there is
a real potential to expand down towards
this cotton here on this turn uh we
don't actually have the do it so I'm not
going to talk about the potential leap
frog that we could do here we're just
going to leave it and say that even if
we could we wouldn't want to do that
just mainly because with a volcano we
want to avoid at all costs building any
sort of uh Urban District nearby just
because the cost to repair it are going
to be frustrating to deal with all right
well we'll move back now we want to use
our Scout to almost bait the enemy if
there's any military units here we want
to be able to to hit them and it looks
like we should be okay for the moment we
want to make sure that we're able to
cross this River the one thing I'm
scared about is that this uh GLE might
come up and try an attack so I'm
thinking that we might want to come
around the these gys do a lot of damage
you need to respect the GS in the early
game uh and we've got a diplomatic
request so Harriet Tubman has come in
with a happiness request now one of the
things to note is it's very tempting for
me to reject this right now uh primarily
because I don't value the happiness even
though you know 13 to 16 it's decent
right uh whereas if I if I just accept
it I'm going to be getting influence
which is is wonderful but one thing to
note and I think it's really important
is we've got a good relationship with
Jose rale but our relationship with
Harriet Tubman is not the best primarily
because of this settlement here we
settled close to her Capital even though
even though it's closer to our Capital
like if you would to count the titles 1
2 3 4 between it versus like the eight
she still like everybody you know every
Everything Is Mine get out of here and
you can see that we've got a negative
modifier here so because of that because
of that decision uh where she is uh
she's very much saying you know what uh
well I guess the way I'm thinking about
this is look if we accept this here this
is a way for us to sort of bridge that
Gap a little bit and to repair this
relationship it makes us less likely to
go to war with her more likely for us to
macro up and that's exactly what we want
to do we just want a Sim City here we
don't want to get too crazy with it and
we're going to continue our Patrol on
that top side and now for the moment
we're just going to hold on this tile
we're just we're not going to be we're
not going to move with these units we're
just going to hold cuz we need to wait
for the Spearman but you can see that we
have got a real problem here
and that problem as we we move back onto
this tile you can see it's a little bit
of a little bit of a shuffle we're just
going to look to repair and we're just
going to hold that position we've now
got our second cotton so once again
we'll do the exact same thing that we
did with the previous cotton and move it
into our capital and we're going to just
Shuffle back here and what we're doing
here is we're looking for that settler
and if we see the settler we're going to
try and block it we will do everything
that we can to block that settler and
speaking of blocking have a look at this
we've got long Chang Village down here
looking to try and get involved now we
could fortify in this position it
wouldn't be terrible uh and if we did
that we're going to heal up a little bit
we are technically in our territory so
we should actually heal pretty much to
to full health so I'm going to go ahead
and sleep these units just for now so
let's see so we healed up 24 oh no we
took 24 but then I think we heal a
decent amount so we're going to move
here onto this tile uh with our hop
lights you can see that we do some
decent damage 46 damage there he's about
to be knocked out the poor guy and we'll
look to just hold this position right
now we can see long Chang's moving over
towards the east side quite far away now
we've got irrigation that we need to be
considering eight turns so that'll give
us roughly six turns to settle out here
which should be more than
enough but there are a lot of Barbarians
early on we've done a bit of healing and
I'm just going to slowly try and sneak
these guys out the bottom we've got a
pretty decent spot
here our main focus is getting out here
quickly and we're also going to try and
block a potential route from the enemy
to come in on this north side with
regard to our hoplight we could look to
try and move it down to this angle but
realistically I I I think probably
healing up is just going to make a bit
more sense in this situation our next
growth we don't have our Granary just
yet keep in mind that we have researched
our animal husbandry at this point but
we don't have The Granary so we're not
going to get that bonus it will
eventually come through but uh at at the
moment we don't get it so where are our
other growth options we could look for
we could go for big hammers right now
big hammers and happiness is quite nice
so three on that isn't terrible how long
does it take us to go it takes us 17
turns to grow which is quite a while we
do have some good options I think
probably the fishing key actually Mak
maybe moving into the pasture is
probably the right call here even though
you know what I'm I'm just going to take
the navigable river tile I think it
makes the most sense right now because
we can always we'll just throw down the
fishing Key we'll expand over into this
tile uh we could we even look to do that
right now cuz if I remember correctly
we're on this tile right that's a
fishing boat so if we just pump that
there and we evict that guy and then
we'll move this back to the top and now
we should be able to work that tile and
that gives us that gives us a better
yield uh so that uh you might have to
rewind that and watch exactly what we
did but we basically use the urban
District to kick out the citizen that
was working that tile that then forces
them to relocate and we've relocated
them into a better yielding tile uh and
by the same token we've also made our
settler uh back to the top of the que so
we had to bring it into the top of the
que and then push the settler uh back up
there all right so our next Mastery or
our mastery's been complete we're now
going to go down and head toward code of
laws and uh let's let's take a look and
see uh have we got our policies there we
go uh so we can choose between two
culture on the palace gold in all
sediments or food and production on the
palace so we've got 21 uh science at the
moment which is pretty decent right so
compared that to our culture two culture
is quite a lot at this stage so I think
it's important to keep that in so we'll
go ahead get rid of tool making and
instead we'll put in plus two food in
all settlements and that's going to push
up two food in these two as well as any
of our subsequent settlements so that's
quite a powerful early game bonus we've
got the ability to go into 25 culture
but I think the extra happiness here is
going to make the most sense uh just
because we don't really need culture at
this stage of the game so we can see
Harriet Tubman's got an absolutely huge
Army towards this North we'll fortify
our position and have a look at what the
play is it looks like she might even be
going to war with this Village we can
see that nobody's actually uh secured it
just yet or even looked to but I think
we've managed to escape down the bottom
we'll uh with our settler we're going to
I'm I'm trying to get over here I don't
know why our settler is not doing that
there we go uh oh the I didn't realize
the settler and the Scout are actually
the same group so they can't be put
together on the same tile so we'll also
keep our Spearman here just to make sure
I tell you what that Spearman really
saved us quite a bit of uh quite a bit
of work in the early game it just really
makes your production so much easier and
now we can use so this uh this hopl that
we've got back here we've kind of used
it to bait the enemy troops here but we
can also use it to provide coverage for
this uh this settler so one thing that
we need to be cautious of is the threat
of units coming in from CTA so what
we're going to do is we're just going to
move up and around I think is probably
the best bet we probably could have gone
to this tile as well uh now one other
thing that we could look to do is
befriend the independent you can see we
need 170 but I think what's probably
going to be a better choice is just to
go to war with them and kill them
because we can set up a really nice line
of settlements I'm thinking right here
I'm thinking right here and I'm thinking
somewhere around this Oasis is going to
be very nice there are some good
resources in here so looking to secure
that is going to make a lot of sense the
longer this game goes on all right so
the enemy has uh well the the natural
power the independent power rather let's
let's get it right uh independent power
has withdrawn for the moment we can look
to heal up let's let's test the waters
how how much are we looking up towards
this top
side and we'll go into here now and I
think we could actually be fine as long
as there's nothing hidden on these two
tiles we're okay we've managed to sneak
the settler remember we want this one so
we should be able to get it next turn
we're also going to be able to put down
over here and we're not able to right
now but we're able to leave that one
behind and we can look to get the spearm
over onto oh that was a misclick we can
look to get the spearm over here we can
even potentially get an attack in from
the back I'm not a huge fan of this I'm
I'm just going to let him go for the
moment and let's take a look at our next
expansion so we're not going to expand
out over onto these dates even though
technically we could reach it I think
the next thing is probably going to be
going after we could come down to the
salt salt isn't a high priority for me I
think the biggest priority is going to
be silk though so looking to try and
secure this will be important so we'll
throw down the farm and already I'm
noticing that we've got 1 2 3 four uh
buildings that are all or four of our
the same type of of yield that we've got
so basically a granary would give us
huge bonuses here you can see we've got
plus five on The Granary but one thing
is we are going to need this as a way to
come out and to actually build more
urban tiles in here because you need to
connect your Urban tiles so that's
another thing to note is that this will
eventually be replaced and so will this
as we build out further okay so our
Scout we'll bring back one last time for
a little bit of a rotation and this
scout can start moving towards the north
but we've got our settlements about to
come down and it looks like almost
certainly we're going to have to go to
war with certa now we have just about
completed our fishing Key it's taking us
a long time to train our uh our citizens
but after we complete our CI our fishing
Key we'll be looking to get more online
and our settler comes down you can see
we've connected the road because it's
within 10 tiles and we're going to grow
so our first growth is going to be a
more aggressive growth out towards the
enemy or closer towards the enemy and
let's see looks like we should be fine
to settle here uh just to confirm yeah I
think this is probably the spot here
does that if we take that one out yeah
we've got plenty of space here I'm not
too fast oh there is an enemy right here
though uh so that is a little bit of a
worry we might have let's head up there
immediately uh and we we've actually got
enemies everywhere so I'm going to go
ahead and I'm just going to purchase a
Slinger just because I'm kind of scared
right now cuz we didn't actually realize
it was there but look this is a normal
component of playing seven you got to
take these risks right because if you
make units it's going to put you further
behind let's take a look and see we've
got at the moment our dates in Corinthos
town is there somewhere better that we
could have these we could technically
get rid of the silk and put the dates in
here but look to be honest I think the
dates are still going to get good value
just because it's it's food it's
happiness the town is getting 100% of
those values for the moment with our
Scout we don't want to take needless
damage over here so we're just going to
pull our Scout back and our Spearman we
don't want to attack into the dense
foliage that will give us a little bit
of a little bit of a penalty when
attacking so we're just going to sleep
this for now we're going to move the
hotl to the nor North but we do have up
here the Slinger so the Slinger should
be able to defend but it's not even
going to be needed for the moment and we
can even bring our Scout back but
there's a part of me that wants to leave
it out here for the moment just mainly
because we've got Harriet Tubman here
and she's not happy with us at least not
yet let's take a look and see what we've
got so nothing else has really happened
here I'm going to offer her a research
collaboration because I've got enough
here that in the event someone else
offers me one that I should be able to
afford it uh so and she's accepted it so
that's going to give us an extra uh
little bit of uh of Science and now we
now we can enjoy this this is it now
we're we're we're at the fun part here
this is the macro we're at three out of
or four out of three so we've got a
little bit of a happiness penalty at the
moment uh but in three turns the
irrigation is going to push that into
very happy territory and now we can just
focus I think here the most important
thing is just going to be on growing so
we'll go ahead we'll put our granery
we'll pair it with the brickyard gives
us a nice little bonus to the yield and
we can get our Scout on the movement
here we actually just made a bit of a
mistake there unfortunately but uh look
I'm sure he'll be okay worst worst case
scenario we'll have to we'll have to
send in the uh send in the SWAT team to
bring him out alive or the Seal team to
bring him out alive and we'll continue
moving up towards the North and the main
focus here is now we want to look to try
and take out certa uh just because they
are in a an enviable position at the
very least we want to try and we we want
to try and uh keep them how how do I say
this kindly uh we want to keep
them under our thumb let's let's go with
that all right so we want to consolidate
forces at the moment you can see that
we're kind of in every single little bit
so we want to try and utilize uh our
commander so I'm going to bring down our
forces again we're just going to leave
the Slinger up towards that top side and
have a look at this harri Tubman's
really bringing a lot of forces in this
is a bit scary uh now you could
potentially denounce the military
present here presence here but this can
always backfire cuz she could just be
like actually I am going to go with go
to war with you and you might not be
prepared just yet for that whereas if
you don't do it it might take her a
little bit of time before she's actually
ready to click that button so our main
focus so Hora Jose razal has offered us
happiness and of course he's already
happy with us so by us supporting this
it doesn't really change anything for
him we don't want the happiness uh we we
definitely want that uh we definitely
want the influence so we're going to
take that here and now we've got a
science offering from confucious and of
course we're going to take that because
we love science thank you very much
confucious very nice of you and we enter
into a golden age or rather a
celebration so once again this is where
you can say okay well we can justify
food here because growth is good and the
more you grow the better but I think for
us right now we've spent a lot of time
pushing out settlers and now it's time
to focus on our macro we've got a lot of
buildings that we can uh we can
construct and we don't want to purchase
these because we want to save our gold
for our our towns and because of that I
think it's important that we just go
absolutely Ham on our production right
now so we'll go ahead we'll move the
plus one production in as well and we
we've got all of our production
resources in and let's see if we can
throw this we want to throw this
probably in kosis nosis I think is the
pronunciation on that one and now that
we've got that let's continue to
consolidate these
forces and we've actually got a pretty
nice little this is technically coming
up as a as a stalemate cuz we are
damaged so we'll heal to full while we
wait for our uh our bonuses you can see
they got their nice little healing tents
coming in that should heal us up to full
I think oh no it's going to be very very
slightly we still have let's go ahead
and hit that one and we're slowly
closing in on turn
50 and I I think one of the important
things to note is that when it comes to
your the speed of your playthroughs a
huge component of that is going to be
about the speed that you're actually
playing on so one of the recommendations
that I've made before to people is that
make sure in your advanced options when
you set up a game I don't think you can
see it here but always make sure that
you turn on the longer errors so you can
see we're only at 17% at the moment uh
so we I want to try and make it towards
the end of my age I don't want to just
kind of throw out let's I think we will
take this one right here this is quite a
nice little expand uh and we'll go here
but uh I always want to make it to the
end of the error and I'm not able to do
that unless I uh unless I actually uh
unless I actually turn that setting on
so I I would encourage you to do that uh
masonry versus riding that that's our
decision Mak at the moment plus one
production on production buildings so
we've only got the one at the moment
we're about to put the sorate down as
well uh so that might align quite nicely
for that extra little bit of production
and it can make the difference right
you're on 17 you're going up to 18 uh
that'll be 19 with with that bonus so
it's it's a nice little bonus uh but is
that enough to justify the delay in
writing I mean for us we're at 27 SS
it's not a we're not in a rush to get
riding so I think that that does make
sense here uh we can look to go into the
as well but I think the Pit's probably
going to make the most sense just
because you get the extra science for it
as well so I'm going to continue looking
to expand out here just mainly because
we're thinking about Petra in the late
game that's going to be here so we want
to just expand out with our urban
districts over on this area and uh I
think this is a this is a decent spot
we'll just we'll just go out here and
now we can start to move we want to be
very careful with how we move uh just
primarily because let's Oh I thought I
clicked on this tile here is is it just
me okay it looks like the game is a
little bit buggy I don't know why it's
showing it over there every everybody's
diving it on that I don't know what's
happened here but uh that that was not
part of my plan I'll say that much now
neither was that and that's a lot of
units coming out right now from C and it
does look like har Tu is going to be
helping us out which is wonderful
exactly what we need thank you harri for
the
assistance and hos results asking for
open borders so that's some free gold
for us we'll definitely take that and
now we've got a decent amount of gold
that started to build up 259 so we can
start doing a bit of an of an assessment
is there anywhere that we could look to
get a warehouse building right now so
this would be a great spot because we've
already got 1 two three um of our
Granary bonuses so you can see we're up
to a plus4 granary and we always want to
focus on growing our food in our towns
first we want to avoid production
because production is just going to be
converted into gold so basically you
would be paying 220 gold to get one gold
per turn not worth it paying 220 gold to
get five food turn definitely worth it
now we're going to need somewhere to put
it down and as I've said to you before
the volcano if we put it near that and
the volcano turns active at the moment
it's not active but it could turn active
at any moment it would potentially erupt
and it would damage all of the tiles
around it including that uh so we're
going to just put this down instead of
putting it even in our city center we're
going to put it on this tile right here
it's going to kick out our farmer uh and
we're going to have to refund that and
send it back somewhere so we can go out
to the culture but even then like
hypothetically at the moment culture is
not really that important for us like we
don't even have the space to put it in
and even if we did we'd probably want to
put one of these dates up here so
instead of going for that culture uh the
the other other risk that I think might
we might need to weigh up though and I'm
just going to I'm going to throw it out
there right now is that if Harriet does
make a settle down here she will steal
this culture so what I'm going to do is
just so I don't have to ever think about
that again is I'm going to take this I'm
instead going to take this and then
we'll gr out here next time don't worry
we'll get we'll get it next time all
right where's our spe at he's at 69
Health do you do you I I think you
probably just want to heal up at this
point we could look to finish that off
but the problem is if you manage to take
this out then you're on on this side and
there's an Archer and then maybe two
Mele units and they're just going to
destroy you so it's just better it's
just safer you just look to heal up on
this side for the moment and then you
wait for your ranged reinforcements
which we could definitely look good to
do now keep in mind the enemies are
already at archers uh whereas for us
we've got quite a way to go before we
actually hit archers it's all the way
down in bronze working so we need to hit
riding and then bronze working so quite
a bit to go until we get there so we're
going to be stuck with slingers for a
while was that our Scout that we just
lost I think it was I saw something
something just went down there but I we
didn't get any notification so I'm just
I'm just going to pretend like it
wasn't okay next up we can make a
decision do we move into the wolf or do
we make a decision to go into the
science and the culture and you might be
tempted to say okay woles got to be the
play but for me I think just getting a
little bit of extra science and culture
right now is going to make so much sense
so we're just going to go ahead we're
going to do that we're going to grab the
science and culture the plus one is just
so damn nice for you early on in the
game and I think we want to try and
expand out towards this position even
though the even though the resource
itself isn't that good it's always just
nice to have it in the back pocket and
how can you say no to a plus six Garden
where are we putting this bad boy down
we've got only one option to put this
down and it's on a tile that we really
are quite happy just to throw it in on
so we'll go ahead and do that keep in
mind that we've still got that bonus for
another seven turns we've got that
celebration bonus uh and our happiness
is absolutely off the charts what is
going on with our happiness why are we
so happy I I have got no idea why we're
so happy it looks like all of our cities
are just doing very very very well for
themselves with regard to happiness uh
oh that's why look at this we got lots
of happy faces coming in so that's
that's part of the reason why okay so I
I I'm going to move forward onto this
position just mainly because we've got
this one unit here from uh Harriet
that's kind of giving us a little bit of
cover please please hurry up anyway uh
we'll be fine we'll be fine I we could
try and sneak it I'm not going to do it
I'm just going to slowly work it down
we'll we'll bite our time here spim's at
899 we could look to move in here spim's
quite strong compared to these units so
now we've got the promotion Army
Commander now I would always recommend
moving down the assault tree it is by
far the best in my opinion uh even if
you're playing a macro game I think
moving into the assault tree just makes
the most sense so we'll go ahead we'll
grab the first tier on our assault tree
and let's
continue as we are struggling right now
have a look at that the backside we
probably needed to move the Army
Commander across so little bit of a
mistake right here from us and a lot of
range units on this side and because
there are so many range units on this
side it is something where it's just you
really want to avoid fighting into here
so we'll go ahead we'll actually move
this spearm out the back we'll also
cover with our army Commander across
like that and then it makes it a little
bit more difficult for us to lose it
because for us the main thing is not
that we need to be careful down here not
that we actually take this out but we
just kind of keep it under our thumb we
keep it and uh and make sure that we're
going to be okay
all right we've got another offering
here the farmers market we're definitely
going to be happy to take that one
that's going to power up all of our
cities and give us that real macro
strength now one thing to note is that
we're somewhat struggling with our
culture uh when it comes to culture
offerings Jose Rosal is the only one
who's actually got them and it looks
like he may have actually given that off
to somebody else so we've still got
we've got a research collab that we
could give him but if we gave it to him
there's the potential that we miss out
from that so we need to be cautious of
that other than that the other big thing
that we're looking for is our the timing
on entertainment and organized military
you can go above that s that settlement
limit but I wouldn't recommend it I
don't think it's worthwhile doing now
one of the other things that we haven't
really spoken much about is your world
wonders so world wonders slightly
different from natural wonder natural
wonder is over here world wonders are
these big boys down the bottom Hanging
Gardens dur shadin these are your
wonders now a tip I'll give to you I
give this every video I mention it just
hit the view hidden button and that's
going to tell you what you can actually
make in this city at the moment because
sometimes throughout the game and the uh
other leaders will complete uh the world
wonders and you won't know what's
available this is how you can check not
only what's available but what you can
build in your city so you can say oh
Petra is available right now I need to
research code of laws well good thing
I'm researching code of laws it'll take
10 turns to get there and there we go
the cultural exchange so had we given
that extra or had we given that uh that
research agreement in the last turn over
to Jose Rosal we wouldn't be able to
accept this right now and there's a good
chance he may not have even thrown that
out to us because maybe he would have
supped that as well so now we've got in
that back pocket the ability to move
into that research agreement just when
we're ready all right so here we're just
going to continue focusing down it
doesn't look like we're going to be a
priority and remember for us the big we
we don't care so much about securing the
last hit because you do get a little
bonus from securing the last hit when it
comes to these uh these independent
people but the most important thing for
us woo most important thing for us is
just that it's gone so we got a
thunderstorm and it looks like the
thunderstorm has blessed us uh what have
we got here we've got absolutely nothing
but one tile gaining fertility but that
will continue to grow uh and uh wow look
at that it I tell you what city City's
looking pretty good how are we doing on
our celebration we got three turns left
of our celebration so we once again want
to look to try and put something in here
we could go for plus three culture which
I think makes the most sense even though
the Al's a good building I I think this
Monument is going to really make a lot
of sense so where are we going to go for
this and it looks like hold on that's a
really good Tire did that come from that
I think that's the uh the fertility that
was just that we were just given wasn't
it uh so this one here definitely makes
the most sense uh so we don't get any
quarter bonuses at the moment and that's
a 22 with one happiness on it I think
that's probably the best tile that we
could ask for at the moment it
definitely is we'll be happy to take
that another growth towards the north
how are we doing on this city this city
is actually getting pretty close to
specialization uh now if we're looking
at specialization what are we going for
so we've got 1 2 three with regard to
these bonuses we'll also go for a
granary now when we put our Granary down
uh it doesn't look like there's anything
we we do still kind of want the culture
you know what I'm going to do okay so
we're going to put down The Granary on
this position right here that's going to
expand us out and then we're going to ah
it's tough isn't it I I I was in my head
I was like okay and then we'll put it
there actually I know what we can do we
can do
this we don't have the gold for it yet
but don't worry we'll have it soon
Harriet Tubman offers us again okay
she's still not 100% happy with us I I
want her to be friendly before I stop
accepting oh I don't have the resources
to accept it I don't have the resources
to accept it now one other thing to note
is you can't end turn forcibly and uh
and get the or and roll it over if you
do that it will just accept the or it
will do the middle one for you and
another thing you need to be careful is
if you're forcibly ending turns and
somebody offers you an alliance it will
accept it if you forcibly end the turn
and you have to be very careful when you
accept an alliance because if someone is
at War and you're and you they off offer
you an oh gosh an alliance it will
immediately put you into war against
those people so you need to be very
cautious about forcibly ending turn so
we're just going to have to accept uh we
can't support even though we would want
to support here uh which is
disappointing but let's go ahead and
we'll use our hoplight here just to
clear this
out and hopefully that means Ser up will
be will be ended we need to be very
aware of this little position down here
on the south how we doing on The Granary
not not the best opening for
it and so now we've secured this
position let's go ahead and take this
tile here which will guarantee that we
have got the culture for the late game
when we need it eventually and here once
again I think moving into the science
tile is going to make the most sense so
we'll go ahead and do that that gives us
seven tiles before we need to grow out
over here and we could look to
specialize this city now I'm not going
to look to I'm not going to specialize
just yet cuz there's still quite a bit
of resources that I want to take from
here but once we've got those resources
even though it's going to take another
10 turns so that'll put us at turn 58 I
still think that we have got some some
decent uh decent time in that before we
need to specialize it let's let's move
some of our units down here we're not
going to actually do we want to start a
fight here we could look to try and and
and get some damage in on this cuz I
think for the moment Ser is is almost
certainly going to be going down very
very shortly
uh Harriet Tubman is not going to
actually do it so if she's not going to
do it we will do it that is fine so
we'll jump in and disperse the
independed 100 production I don't know
where that production goes uh maybe to
the cap I'm not 100 yeah it's definitely
going to the cap uh we're going to
instead of uh repairing the wood cutter
like this which is going to take time uh
instead what we're going to do is we're
just going to pay the money and have it
repaired now you can also go into debt
to repair your tiles if your tiles uh
have been taken out uh you'll be able to
do that now we could turn some of that
production into a world wonder how do
you guys feel about that we're at turn
49 right now we're very close to turn 50
and actually you know what there's
another world wonder that I want to
build in four turns it's Petra so what
we're going to do is instead of taking a
hopl here because what am I going to do
with a hopl uh we've got a hopl or a
migrant and how long until we grow we've
got 13 turns until we grow we got to
definitely take a migrant here uh we are
going to let's put all of our resources
into uh probably just into the altar uh
and there there's a lot of tiles here
which one is the one that makes sense
there's nothing here that is standing
out above any of them so we'll just
we'll just throw it into the monument
tile uh but we've also got the option
between a a uh influence and codex so at
this point in the game 75 influence is
quite nice and that's especially nice
for Ben Franklin because he gets an
extra bonus uh research collaboration
that he can throw out to anybody which
uh speaking of which have we yeah we
we've done all of our research
collaborations actually no we haven't
never mind let's Jose Ral you interested
in the research collab yeah he is plus
four SS so one of the things that we can
do is use that influence to then
purchase another research collaboration
but a codex is something that will stay
with us forever if we take a look at our
great works right now we've got nothing
in our Palace so what we're going to do
is we're going to take that codex and
that's going to put a great work in our
Palace that gives us plus two science
but not only that it's also going to
start progressing us towards our Science
Victory which we will be definitely
going for in this game so we'll take a
look we did also manage to upgrade our
commander so we'll look to down the line
we've got I I nor go down range units
but because we got that early spearm I
think it makes so much sense for us to
just STI with melee for the moment we've
also got the hoplight which is our uh
unique unit so we've solved this problem
now the question is where do we go from
here long Chang about to be converted
over to Harriet Tubman in one turn so
that's not going to be a problem let's
check in with shangle shangle converting
to Jose Rosal in 13 turns that's not
going to be a problem at least not at
the moment where where are you from good
sir you are from the village of
longchang well you're not going to be
too much of a concern next turn
and then we've got tuuga now keep in
mind that even though tuuga is friendly
right now there is a chance that this
could always change in the future they
they will just flip on a dime and you
won't even know and you'll be like what
are you doing over there tuuga uh so you
do need to be cautious of that and uh so
I think for the moment we're absolutely
fine with regard to our military I think
we probably just want to heal up we want
to try and look to defend this cuz all
of these if I am looking they cra cra
cra which all came from here so we we'll
just clean all of these guys up that's
going to be our main focus and our
migrant so we we between a migrant and a
hoplight and we've gone with a migrant
so we're going to pop that down uh and
we are going to expand now we can't see
any of the yelds on these tiles when you
use the migrant so we're just going to
have to come back here this is a nice
tile down here I think we're definitely
going to have to take this one so three
production a a culture and a happiness
and our Capital has grown very big for a
game that's started or that's on
standard for us to be at 15 population
at turn 49 we're doing very well in this
game and that's largely a credit just
due to Ben Franklin he is an incredible
early game leader and we roll over into
turn 50 and I know that this is about
mastering the first 50 turns but there's
a part of me that just wants to keep
playing and I know that this video is
already growing long as it is and I'm
confident that people see long videos
and they get a little bit scared by them
uh but uh maybe we can can we go to like
turn 55 would you guys let me go to turn
55 I I'll go to turn 55 just remember
the the the longer I get to record the
longer the longer I can stay in here my
wife doesn't harass
me oh gosh one turn to go until code of
loss is complete writing is about to be
completed as well which means that we
could think about moving into a library
but the the more important thing for us
is just going to be about uh making sure
that we've got our uh our production
ready to go I'm going to just put it
into a scout it's the lowest production
unit and you can see that we're already
kind of over so hopefully it's going to
uh carry over that production for us
quite well let's continue moving these
units down just to make sure that we are
covering them that was a that was a
mistake right there for me should have
moved onto this tile I accidentally
misclicked on to that one so we want to
clean these
upen and now we've picked up all of our
tchs all of our science you can see long
Chang towards the South has now been
converted over so that means that we're
not going to have to worry about them uh
because they've been sorted out now keep
in mind if you wanted to uh before long
Chang reaches its final status so if we
look at shangle if you want to come in
and try and snipe this away from someone
you can do that you need to befriend
them and then you need to like bribe
them off for every single step of the
way it's so expensive so basically when
it comes to these independent people
it's basically like first in best rest
it's not like the onvoy system where you
can just kind of uh you know pip
somebody at the post it is definitely
not that case it's very much about it's
a slow crawl but once it's there uh it
is uh it's one of those things anyway
we've now got the ability to put down
Petra we've also got our library which
is going to cost us four turns versus
Petra which is going to be 15 now at the
moment Petra doesn't look that appealing
and that is simply because we don't have
a lot of tiles uh that are desert but
you got to keep in mind that
realistically here we've got a lot that
we can work that is going to be desert
my king did actually steal away some of
the desert tiles from our cap so a
little bit of a mistake from me here
especially cuz you can't actually flip
them over in c 7 like you can in
previous games so let's go ahead and go
through now we can choose between
culture and science now there is a
chance that this will uh lead to
something further down the path so I'm
going to go with science here instead of
culture uh and we've got another thing
here build a monument versus build a
garden we're going to take the build a
garden option we've already built the
garden uh it was over here so we've
already got that and here Jose Rosal has
asked to Ally or to Ally with him so if
we take a look at him we'll see that he
is currently hostile with two leaders
and we're the only ones that he's
helpful with he doesn't think a single
bad thing about us and because of that
I'm just going to say look Jose I like
you but just as a friend sorry and uh
our favorite twink is just going to have
to bite the bullet here and uh and move
on to his uh his next relationship uh
for us though we're going to continue
moving forward down this Tech Tree now
where do we go from here uh I I love to
go into writing on this Mastery plus one
science on science buildings and gain
one codex the only thing is we're not
going into our library straight away
here we're going to delay it because
we're going into Petra however if we go
into bronze working there is there's a
little bit more value here so moving
into bronze working makes sense cuz it's
going to allow us to upgrade our units
so prioritizing this makes a lot of
sense in the early game uh when it comes
to beining techs I will just say right
now I think the most important Tech that
you want to beline is mathematics it's
going to provide you the academy which
gives you a huge amount of science once
you get Specialists involved and let's
continue having a look so we could look
to go into code of laws to uh we don't
have any specialists yet so there's no
real point for us to do that uh we could
look to move into citizenship uh which
provides us access to another uh World
wonder which is definitely quite good
but for me I think the most important
thing is actually getting up into
entertaining entertainment just so that
we can get that settlement limit
increased or organized uh military for
more settlement increases so let's take
a look and see is there any anything we
really want out of these not really
they're they're they're basically just
means to an end so we'll go ahead and
just take public Life we'll work our way
towards entertainment and of course
we'll take a look at Petra and see where
is Petra going to be going down which
tile do we want to be keeping and which
tile do we want to be getting rid of so
if you had to guess about which tile
you'd be getting rid of it would
probably be that one right there cuz
it's got the lowest I mean it it's
technically got a gold yield but we
don't really care that much about the
gold yield on it so we'll just go ahead
and put Petra down on that tile it's
going to take us 15 turns to get through
us through it we've also got to have a
look at this this is actually wonderful
uh we've got an option to trade for
Ivory so if we take a look at what Ivory
does it provides 10% production towards
wonders placed on tropical Plains and
desert terrain and what have we just
done we've just placed a Wonder down on
desert terrain so we want to set this
bad boy up as quickly as we can uh so we
want to try and get into our territory
keep in mind the way that Traders work
in civ7 is different uh it's not about
just selecting the trader and then being
like okay I want to trade with axim and
off it goes you actually have to send
the physical Trader out over into that
territory now uh and then it's kind of
they kind of like flipped it around
basically is the best way to think of it
all right well let's clear up this
little bit of a hassle slowly getting it
so we got we got the scout out as well
not not that we really need a scout
scout I don't even know what we're going
to do with you we'll send you up here uh
and uh and spot that out we've already
met everybody that we need to uh we'll
take this silk tile now and let's see if
we can get a refund on this and we can
specialize this town so we want to
specialize this town and to do that uh
what we're going to be doing is moving
into a farming town but when we do that
uh what's going to happen is it's going
to give us plus one Farm or plus one
food on farms pastes plantations and
fishing boats and that's not a farm
that's a mine so what we can do to get
rid of it is we can build a Brickyard on
that on that mine and that's going to
eject our settler and now we can go and
build him somewhere down over here which
is a flat desert tile so we'll take that
one and now we can specialize and say
okay we know it's going to take you
eight turns for your next citizen that's
not too bad uh but but we want that food
right now so what we're going to do is
we're going to hit farming Town that's
going to take us from 26 and it's going
to push that to 31 and what that's going
to do is that's going to send every
single bit of that food now down to my
Capital because it's connected actually
it should be connected by Road I'm 99%
sure it's connected by Road gosh that
could be ter terrible uh okay might give
it a second here might need a while to
update gosh that that could have been
the world's worst disaster right there
uh and uh we're going to we're going to
keep these for the Moment Like This it
should be connected I mean 1 2 3 4 5
this is like almost certainly connected
I can't imagine a world where it's not
that would be that would be
terrible and let's let's try and take
this unit out right now there we go
we've done it we've cleared up the
troops and now hopefully wait why are
you not okay this is this is got to be
this has got to be bug there's no way
I'm sorry you're specialized but you're
not sending you're not sending food to
my capital and you got to be very
careful with this cuz you can see it's
technically
connected cuz there's a connection that
goes to here and then comes to here but
it's not connected connected right
because the way that this works is it
sends it
to it it's it's sending it to Nowhere
right now that's that's from my
understanding that's what's happening so
I I guess it means that there physically
needs to be an actual Road that's going
there so there's no point for us to grow
that right now at least that's my
understanding CU it it comes up in the
UI it says it over on the right side it
would say food per turn uh so like as an
example let's if we specialize this
right now we'll turn it back but we're
probably going to turn this into a
farming town as well so if we do this
you would see that it would come up on
the UI and it would say plus
25 but I don't know for whatever reason
it's just not working so I guess
something to be aware of something to
watch out for and it means like as an
example right now we're at 10 and now we
got a 9 and if we check here once again
it's still not here so like there's
literally no point in this town being
specialized so we'll just change it back
to growth for the moment and we'll have
to turn something else like we'll have
to put another city down or maybe we
turn this into a city production here is
not terrible actually we could make this
into a city but it's one of those things
just to be aware of I I suspect this is
probably a bug so I I think if anything
it's going to get fixed but uh yeah it's
one one of those things to watch out for
and we're probably going to turn this
back into a growing town for the moment
I I we we've got another four turns
before we grow over here all right so on
this we could look this is grassland
Tundra and Marine we're not building any
wonders there at the moment with that so
we're going to take the uh we'll take
this bad boy and we'll also look to put
the Sheep inside here that'll give us a
little bit more production so we got to
28 production means that we can produce
this potentially a little bit faster
growing town we still want to grow you
this is probably going to become a city
as well just judging by the amount of
production we've got in here a very nice
looking potential City 10 turns until it
grows uh we could look to get some more
in there but for the moment I think
we're just going to heal up and we are
probably going to close this one out
ladies and gentlemen as we move our
Merchant over uh one thing that you'll
see we'll just take a look at our
resource allocation at the top here at
the moment it's going to take us 12
turns to finish Petra but after we get
axom these are going to be two tiles of
of ivory that then contribute uh towards
this bonus so now that's going to give
us plus 20% production towards wers
placed and it means that this should go
from 12 to 9 you can see it right there
so it was 12 to 11 and then the 11 comes
down to eight so it is absolutely uh
imperative that we got that a really
really nice uh a really nice thing for
us there so once again I really want to
continue playing but I'm going to leave
it there folks hopefully you've enjoyed
this look of course this was mastering
the first 50 turns I took you to 56 if
you've got any feedback at all leave it
down in the comments positive or
negative if you've enjoyed the video
feel free to leave a like and of course
if you're looking forward to more
civilization 7 content I almost said Age
of Vampires if you're looking forward to
more civilization 7 content make sure
you hit to subscribe button because well
there is always time for one more turn